From April 22nd 2017 to April 22nd 2019 I was held against my will in Beach Meadows Nova Scotia, in the home of a raping, murdering pedophile from my childhood, by a single threat - Larry Williams would be killed the way he almost died in 2016 if I left, told anyone or refused to care for him.

From 2017 - 2019 I was forced into the homes and chores of the other 2 raping, murdering pedophiles from my childhood.  I was forced by a single threat - Larry Williams would be killed the way he almost died in 2016 if I didn't go.

The same 3 women that beat me into brain damage before I was 10.  The same 3 women that starved, mutilated and beat me into one of the worst fatal sexual assaults / mutilations in modern Canadian times (more severe than David Reimer).  The same 3 women that threatened to give my younger brother and sister to the same child rapists I was given to if I went to teachers, doctors, lawyers, the courts or the RCMP from 1980 to 1994.

The same 3 women that did much, much more.

My Grandfather was Erlin Conrad.  His wife was Wilhelmina (sp?).  His children are my mother Karen, my aunt Rosanne and my Uncle Dennis (Bub).

Larry Williams is Rosanne's husband.  He has Huntington's.

Wilhelmina, Rosanne and Karen are all psychopaths.  They all believe so intently that they (individually) have suffered so much more than anyone else in history - that they (individually) are justified in any level of violence to get what they want.

When 2 or all 3 go head to head - it's a spiraling meat grinder of extreme violence.  Every cycle only convinces the other 1 or 2, they must hit back harder.  Which they do via their own pathological rituals of abuse - by torturing other, more vulnerable, family members, while screaming at yet another family member what they must do to stop the torture and abuse.

2017.3.22.a.Sex.Trafficking.txt continued

I sat alone.  I ate alone.  At the end of the meal I went to the washroom.

I don't know what Karen, Rosanne or Wilhelmina told Danielle - she'll have to testify to it.

My trips to the washroom take 15-20 minutes for medical reasons.  It is common knowledge in my family - although they don't know why.

In the 15 minutes I was in the washroom, Rosanne got everyone up, all the meals paid for (except mine), everyone out to the cars.

Rosanne had brought Wilhelmina and Larry in her car.  She sent Wilhelmina home with Dennis and Larry home with Karen so she could force me into her car to threaten me even more.

Rosanne even moved my luggage from Danielle's car - where I left it - to her own.

I came out of the washroom, paid for my meal, and found Rosanne, alone, in the parking lot, again.

She hissed and spit and threatened - rape and murder - torture and suicide - torturing Dennis, torturing Wilhelmina - putting her in a home to die alone.

She hissed it all, threatening me, ordering me into the car.  She even went as far as to threaten to tell Dennis I was gay - that that was what I came to tell him.

I'm not - my genitals, gender and identity were physically and chemically destroyed from age 8 to 18.  I'm not anything.  Dennis would never understand - and Rosanne promised - hissing and spitting - to make sure he hated me for being gay if I didn't get in the fucking car.

That is why Rosanne is going to prison for forced confinement.

The 25 minute drive took 45 minutes and was all the same threats, over and over, rape and murder, torture and suicide.  As she explained she wanted me to live in her house - while she lived at the cottage.  As she explained she wanted me to look after Larry while she had a break.

My answer was consistent and short : No - I'm too sick.  I need to get my residency and health care.  I need to go to a hospital.  I'm not looking after Larry.  I'm not living in her house.

When we arrived at Rosanne's, Karen was already there - she had brought Larry home.

Rosanne waited until Larry took Bella (the dog) for a walk around the yard - and then she started all over again - threatening the rape and murder of Karen's son - in front of Karen - threatening the torture and suicide of Karen's son - in front of Karen.

My answer was the same - consistent and short : No.  I'm going to see Dennis Monday morning.  If he lends me the house - I'll pretend this didn't happen.  If he doesn't, I'm flying to Ontario to ask Uncle Paul for help.

Karen never spoke.

After a few cycles of threats, I unloaded my luggage, stored it in the garage and went upstairs to sleep in the spare room.  I barricaded the door shut with a splitting wedge from the chainsaw equipment in the garage.