From April 22nd 2017 to April 22nd 2019 I was held against my will in Beach Meadows Nova Scotia, in the home of a raping, murdering pedophile from my childhood, by a single threat - Larry Williams would be killed the way he almost died in 2016 if I left, told anyone or refused to care for him.

From 2017 - 2019 I was forced into the homes and chores of the other 2 raping, murdering pedophiles from my childhood.  I was forced by a single threat - Larry Williams would be killed the way he almost died in 2016 if I didn't go.

The same 3 women that beat me into brain damage before I was 10.  The same 3 women that starved, mutilated and beat me into one of the worst fatal sexual assaults / mutilations in modern Canadian times (more severe than David Reimer).  The same 3 women that threatened to give my younger brother and sister to the same child rapists I was given to if I went to teachers, doctors, lawyers, the courts or the RCMP from 1980 to 1994.

The same 3 women that did much, much more.

My Grandfather was Erlin Conrad.  His wife was Wilhelmina (sp?).  His children are my mother Karen, my aunt Rosanne and my Uncle Dennis (Bub).

Larry Williams is Rosanne's husband.  He has Huntington's.

Wilhelmina, Rosanne and Karen are all psychopaths.  They all believe so intently that they (individually) have suffered so much more than anyone else in history - that they (individually) are justified in any level of violence to get what they want.

When 2 or all 3 go head to head - it's a spiraling meat grinder of extreme violence.  Every cycle only convinces the other 1 or 2, they must hit back harder.  Which they do via their own pathological rituals of abuse - by torturing other, more vulnerable, family members, while screaming at yet another family member what they must do to stop the torture and abuse.

In March and April of 2017 I wrote my siblings asking for their help in contacting Dennis Conrad - he is my Uncle and the man that raised me - it is his house I grew up in - his house I was asking for and his help with money and medication I was asking for.

The folder Family Questions as well as 1993 - explain that Rosanne, Wilhelmina and Karen have all lied to Dennis in the past when I called to ask for help in 1993.  Those same folders describe the 14 years (1980 - 1994) that Karen, Rosanne and Wilhelmina had threatened to give my younger siblings to child rapists - as I was given to child rapists - if I told anyone, contacted anyone - asked anyone for help.

The folder FB Messenger has snippets of our communications - I repeatedly asked for my siblings to contact Dennis directly.  I repeatedly asked that Karen and Rosanne not be told anything.  I wrote Rosanne directly, myself, telling her not to involve herself.  Telling her directly, not to speak to Dennis - that my siblings were to do that.

For a month I messenger and skyped my siblings  - we all believed Dennis had lent me the house - my childhood home - we all believed Dennis had lent me the money for life saving medication.

It was all lies.  Rosanne lied to everyone, manipulated everyone.  Danielle knew she never spoke to Dennis - but never told me that.  Rosanne coerced her in some fashion - I don't care how.

Rosanne is my rapist (from childhood) - I told her directly to stay out of my life.

Rosanne lured me to Nova Scotia, she spent a month, juggling lies across almost a dozen people, she spent up to $5000 luring me to Nova Scotia.

She wanted to force me into her home, to look after her husband.  She didn't care I had life threatening injuries.  She didn't care I was at an extreme risk of suicide.  She wanted what she wanted - and she did anything, no matter how violent, to get it.

This makes Rosanne guilty of human trafficking.

On April 22nd 2017 my sister picked me up at the Halifax Airport.  We drove to her home in Lunenburg, slept a few hrs, and drove to Bridgewater to attend Dennis Conrad's birthday supper.  When I asked Danielle if I could skip the supper and go straight to the old house, my childhood home, the house my siblings had told me for a month that Dennis had lent me ... Danielle told me for the first time :

"I don't know - Rosanne handled that."

My response : "What the fuck do you mean Rosanne handled that.  I wrote you for a month telling you not to talk to her.  I wrote her - telling her she wasn't to be involved.  Why the fuck didn't you tell me she was involved ?"

Danielle : "You know what they're like.  I wasn't driving to Beach Meadows if I didn't have to."

My family is extremely violent - and Danielle didn't know about my past.  It wasn't her fault.  This is Rosanne's lie, fraud, trafficking - her crime.

Danielle, her daughter and I arrived at the Waves Restaurant in Bridgewater Nova Scotia.  Rosanne was already outside, pacing like a rabid animal.

Danielle is like her daughter.  We've discussed it.  Danielle doesn't read social situations all that well.

She had no idea she just hand delivered her dying brother to one of the rapists that starved and beat him into the terminal medical issues in the late 1980s that were killing him in 2017.

My brain damage - my lack of fear and normal response to violence and threats of violence - made it all the more impossible for Danielle to realize what was happening.

I could see the feral heat and anger rolling off Rosanne as she paced in the parking lot.

I knew instantly - Dennis was never told, never knew anything, never lent me the house, never lent me the money - I knew instantly Rosanne did it all because she wanted something - it was 1993 again - and Rosanne was going to threaten me with the same thing I was threatened with in 1993 - rape and murder.

I stood at Danielle's car, letting her and her daughter enter the restaurant - to safety.

It only made Rosanne angrier - she viewed it as a power move - forcing her to come to me.

Rosanne stormed across the parking lot hissing, so Danielle couldn't hear :

"Dennis says you can't have the house.  He says it's not fit to live in.  He's too embarrassed to tell you himself.  He's too upset since his father died.  He's ..."

I didn't wait for Rosanne to finish - I growled "I don't care what you want - I'm not doing it." as I walked out around Rosanne.

She had to run to get in front of me again.

She dug her claws into me the way her mother use to - when her mother would hiss the threat to give Suzanne and John Paul to the child rapists I was given to up until the age of 12.

Rosanne dug her claws in, she drew blood like her mother - she hissed her threats like her mother - she hissed her pedophile threats in her pedophile language :

"You know how you got sick.  It can happen again.  If you say a fucking word to Dennis - it can all happen again."

I didn't get sick - I was beaten into brain damage, terminal medical issues and given to child rapists before I was 10.  I was starved, beaten, tortured, physically and sexually assaulted, physically and sexually mutilated, physically and sexually tortured into fatal injuries more severe than David Reimer.  I had 3 terminal medical issues and a life span of 40 before I was 18.

That is what Rosanne threatened to do.  That is what Rosanne did for 18 months between April 22nd 2017 and April 22nd 2019.  That is why Rosanne is a sex trafficker, rapist, kidnapper and murderer - in 2017.

I shook Rosanne off my arm, growled the same "I don't care what you want - I'm not doing it." as I walked around Rosanne a second time.

Rosanne ran to get in front of me a second time.  She dug her claws into my chest - like her mother - drawing blood like her mother - a second time.  She hissed a pedophile's threat in a pedophile's language :

"You know what the doctors said.  You know what you're going to do.  I can make that happen.  If you say a fucking word to Dennis - I'll make that happen."

I've been warned by my medical community that I'll struggle to see 40.  I've been warned my greatest risk is suicide due to care-giver abuse in my last days - because I'll keep my mind - while my body dies like Parkinsons, Huntingon's, ALS or Alzheimers.  I'll lose the ability to care for myself.  The ability to stand, walk, talk, eat and wash.  I've been warned I'll get hateful and violent and care-giver abuse will most likely lead to my suicide.

I put, in writing, to my siblings and Rosanne - my return to Canada is a one way trip - that my most likely end is suicide because I am at an extreme risk for it.

That is what Rosanne was threatening - to physically and sexually torture me until I kill myself.  That is what Rosanne threatened.  That is what Rosanne did.

Rosanne held me for 18 months - 540 days.  She didn't live in her house - but she came to her kitchen 280 times - to complete her pathological rituals.

She stormed out of her kitchen for 7 months screaming she didn't care if I died, she didn't care if I killed myself, she didn't care if she killed me.

She stormed out of her kitchen for 3 months screaming "Just fucking kill yourself so I can say Larry drove you to it.

She ran, crying and screaming out of her kitchen for 7 months screaming "Just fucking kill yourself so my life can go back to normal."

On April 22nd 2017, I'd only been in the parking lot for 60 seconds and already a raping, murdering pedophile from my childhood - had sex trafficked me out of the Philippines, threatened to rape and murder me if I told anyone and threatened to physically and sexually torture me until I killed myself.

60 seconds.

I shook Rosanne off a second time - walked out around her a third time - growled at her a third time : "I don't care what you want - I'm not doing it."

Rosanne ran to get in front of me a third time - she jabbed me in the chest - like her mother - hissing a pedophile's threat in a pedophile's language :

"You know what Dennis promised his father.  You know what I'll do - I'll put her (Wilhelmina) in a home - she'll die there - Dennis will never see her again.  It'll be your fault - he'll hate you forever."

I walked around Rosanne a last time, in through the restaurant.

I spoke to no one.  Danielle was sitting with Karen and Wilhelmina.  I had already told my siblings, in writing - I wanted no contact with them.  Not to see them, not to speak to them, not to set foot in their homes.

I walked to Dennis' table - wished him a happy birthday, told him I was home for a couple months, when was a good time to come talk to him.  He said Monday morning, not before 9, the old woman sleeps til 9 am.  This was Saturday - Dennis was busy Sunday.



