From April 22nd 2017 to April 22nd 2019 I was held against my will in Beach Meadows Nova Scotia, in the home of a raping, murdering pedophile from my childhood, by a single threat - Larry Williams would be killed the way he almost died in 2016 if I left, told anyone or refused to care for him.

From 2017 - 2019 I was forced into the homes and chores of the other 2 raping, murdering pedophiles from my childhood.  I was forced by a single threat - Larry Williams would be killed the way he almost died in 2016 if I didn't go.

The same 3 women that beat me into brain damage before I was 10.  The same 3 women that starved, mutilated and beat me into one of the worst fatal sexual assaults / mutilations in modern Canadian times (more severe than David Reimer).  The same 3 women that threatened to give my younger brother and sister to the same child rapists I was given to if I went to teachers, doctors, lawyers, the courts or the RCMP from 1980 to 1994.

The same 3 women that did much, much more.

My Grandfather was Erlin Conrad.  His wife was Wilhelmina (sp?).  His children are my mother Karen, my aunt Rosanne and my Uncle Dennis (Bub).

Larry Williams is Rosanne's husband.  He has Huntington's.

Wilhelmina, Rosanne and Karen are all psychopaths.  They all believe so intently that they (individually) have suffered so much more than anyone else in history - that they (individually) are justified in any level of violence to get what they want.

When 2 or all 3 go head to head - it's a spiraling meat grinder of extreme violence.  Every cycle only convinces the other 1 or 2, they must hit back harder.  Which they do via their own pathological rituals of abuse - by torturing other, more vulnerable, family members, while screaming at yet another family member what they must do to stop the torture and abuse.

2017.3.22.b.Forced.Confinement.txt continued

It only took 1 visit with Wilhelmina and Karen (separately) to find out why she said nothing.

Rosanne weaseled her way into Wilhelmina's good graces after Erlin's death.  She promised Wilhelmina she'd learned her lesson from Erlin's death.  She'd look after her mother to make sure Erlin got his last wish - that Wilhelmina stay in the house they shared - until her death.  Rosanne waited and doted on Wilhelmina, hand and foot - figuratively poisoning Wilhelmina with stories about Tammy being a gold digger and going after Dennis' mother's money.  Rosanne figuratively poisoned Wilhelmina with stories of Karen's drug addictions and debt.

Rosanne convinced Wilhelmina to make major changes to her will and estate planning.

Rosanne claimed she had Karen removed as executor (that turns out to be false - but we didn't know that until after Wilhelmina's death in 2019 or 2020).  Rosanne then told Karen to keep quiet - because she (Rosanne) had found the document Karen signed away her inheritance with in 1994 - and Rosanne hid it from Wilhelmina.  Wilhelmina's dementia was bad enough - it was easy to do.  Rosanne put Karen back in the will and blackmailed her with 'suddenly finding the document' if Karen didn't do as she was told.

Rosanne screamed at me for 24 months - April 24th 2017 to April 22nd 2019 - "I (Rosanne) took care of your mother.  She's back in the will.  You kids have nothing to worry about - as long as you know your place."

That's the depths of Karen's self-centered, narcissistic, psychopathy - she said nothing when faced with the abduction, rape and murder of her son, she said nothing when faced with the torture until suicide of her son - she said nothing to the woman (Rosanne) that held and tortured Suzanne (Karen's daughter) for a decade to make her raise Rosanne's 2 boys.  Karen said nothing to the woman (Rosanne) that tortured John Paul (Karen's other son) in 93/94.

Rosanne waited on and doted on Wilhelmina until Wilhelmina did the one thing Rosanne wanted above all else - Wilhelmina put Rosanne's name on the LaBelle cottage - so Rosanne didn't have to worry about another family member claiming it.

The second Rosanne's name was on that deed - she abandoned her mother (Wilhelmina) and began torturing and beating Larry (in front of Dennis) and Dennis, himself, to force Dennis to do whatever it was Wilhelmina wanted.

It was a meat grinder of violence, screaming, beatings and torture before I ever got pulled into it in April 2017.

