3 potatoes - 30 seconds - 1 dislocated shoulder.



The 19th was a Tuesday - Rosanne's breakdown lasted until Friday morning.

Wednesday and Thursday - no beatings, no rituals - just Rosanne sobbing in her father's chair while everyone ate in silence except Karen and Wilhelmina - they raked Rosanne over the coals every second they got.

Friday morning - March 22nd - Rosanne came to get even - and ended up assaulting both her husband and her housekeepers - in front of each other.

Friday March 22nd - 18 months of captivity - 72 Fridays - 72 times Rosanne wasn't home on Friday when her housekeepers came.

72 times - she didn't see them bring Larry snacks and food.

72 times - I helped them with some housework - because they helped me with Larry.

This became even more important after July 2018 - when I needed the help getting Larry food.

These are the same housekeepers - that took over Rosanne's responsibilities at the Transcotia on Saturdays - back when we went for supper there every week.  Back when Rosanne kicked and beat Larry under the table until Izzy took over helping Larry with his meal.

These are the same housekeepers - that Wilhelmina assaulted in July 2018 - when Izzy came for her last supper (Dennis' fish and chips) before her surgery in Halifax.

These are the same housekeepers - that brought Larry food as "payment" for me helping Izzy stack wood.

Friday March 22nd was already off to a weird start - Larry was late waking up.  He's never late on Friday morning - he's always waiting at the window for the housekeepers because they bring him chocolate bars and candies.  Larry wasn't up.

I was up - my shoulder was aching unbelieably - I had to have hit it in the night.

I was on my regular chair in the corner of the kitchen - out of Larry's way - drinking coffee when Patsy and Judy (the housekeepers) rolled in at their normal time.

Judy was in the porch mixing buckets of different cleaning products.

Patsy was in the kitchen filling me in on how Izzy was doing.  I was just telling Patsy I'd hurt my shoulder again and could lift much today - when Rosanne burst through the back door.

She stood - where she always stood for her kitchen ritual - blocking off the rest of the house so no one could escape.

She wasn't stomping her feet and banging on the table like normal - but she was stomping her foot and slamming a chain into the floor to punctuate her sentences.

She began, just under a yell, yelling at the housekeepers, or so they thought :

Rosanne (not quite yelling) : "I've got to do everything. No one does anything.  No one does anything they're told.  No one does anything the way I want it done."

Rosanne (not quite yelling) : "I've got to look after Karen, I've got to look after mother, I've got to look after Larry and not one person does anything I tell them to.

Back and forth, over and over, Rosanne complaining she's doing everything, no one has done anything, not what she told them, not the way she wants it done.

Back and forth, over and over - Rosanne has to drop everything in her life - to do everybody elses' jobs.

Judy stayed in the porch.

Patsy got paler and paler.  She was trapped - and I just shrugged and went back to drinking coffee.

Larry came into the kitchen - he tried to take his pills which are at the end where I'm sitting - and Rosanne wouldn't let him.  She kept hitting, slapping and swatting his hands away from the pills.  All while yelling at the housekeepers.

Larry came to my side of the table and took his pills.  He was opposite / across from Rosanne.

Larry tried to continue down the table to the other end - where he always eats his breakfast - which is waiting for him.

Rosanne grabs him across the table, by his arm, and starts yanking on him - he yanks back - he just wants his breakfast.

Rosanne is pulling on him harder and harder, yelling at Larry that he's frightening the housekeepers.  He's getting in their way.

Rosanne, slamming Larry into the table over and over, yelling at him to come away from the women while they're working.

Rosanne's still yelling at the housekeepers.

But on the 5th or 6th solid slam into the table, Larry pulls away from her with an audible "Fuck Off".

You could see and hear the fear in the housekeepers whistling intakes of breath - even Judy in the porch.

Rosanne - realizing how this all looked to them - that they didn't understand she'd been yelling at me the entire time - Rosanne panicked and dropped Larry's arm.

She stormed out of the kitchen, yelling that the garbage has to be done because no one does anything they are told.

These housekeepers have cleaned Rosanne's house for 15 years - maybe longer.  Larry has always done the garbage.  Rosanne has never been here.

This is the 72nd Friday - that we have done the housework together - without Rosanne - Larry has always done the garbage.

It is common knowledge - the housekeepers have been warned in their daily written instructions - Larry is to be made to do the garbage - it's part of his physio and responsibilities to stay in the house.

It was idiotic for Rosanne - but she didn't care.  She'll threaten them the way she threatens everyone.

As soon as Rosanne was out of the house - both housekeepers rushed into the kitchen, while Larry ate his breakfast :

"What was that ?  What's she upset about ?  What are we doing wrong ?"

My answer : "Nothing - Rosanne's upset with me, something I did on Tuesday.  It's not important.  She was yelling at me - not you."

It didn't matter - they were upset and scared.  They could already see the bruise on Larry's hip.

Then they started talking back and forth with each other - you could see the pieces fitting together as they re-created the last 2 years from their Fridays with me.

Rosanne burst in again - Larry was still eating breakfast - Rosanne announced : "The garbage is done - no one's done it for ages.  No one does anything they're told."

It didn't matter that Patsy and Judy watched Larry do the garbage last week - every week - as part of their tea break routine.

Rosanne announced : "I've got to go clean mother's house - I'll be back if I finish by lunch."

When she was gone - and Patsy and Judy started rapid firing questions at me again - they were scared she'd come back.

I reminded them, she's never been here before, she came to embarass me, she embarassed herself - she won't be back today.

We started the chores, in only a few minutes time, Larry came in from outside.  We hadn't seen him go - but it's normal for him to take the dog for a walk around the yard after his breakfast.

Except this time, Larry was bleeding from his hands and his face.

When asked - Larry explained he went to check the garbage because Rosanne doesn't know how to do it.

Larry explained Rosanne had done it wrong - put the containers in the wrong place and he had slipped on the ice and fell in the ditch trying to move them.

That set-off the housekeepers again.

It was a long day - trying to calm them down.  I did not.
