On March 22nd 2019 :

Rosanne assaulted her housekeepers trying to punish me.
Rosanne assaulted her husband in front of her housekeepers.
Rosanne injured her husband through sheer ignorance - Rosanne didn't know how the garbage worked - and she'd threatened Larry for years it was his responsibility or he had to go in a home.  Larry fell - fixing Rosanne's mistake.

Nothing I did could calm these women down.

I was not surprised, at supper, to find Rosanne on the verge of a mental breakdown.  She knew the housekeepers would go to Izzy for advice.

Izzy had been home from Halifax / surgery since December and Rosanne hadn't bothered to visit or send the exercise equipment she showed up with on March 22nd.

It was a simple bribe - but Rosanne was juggling rape and murder, torture and mutilations, starvation and beatings - and she adamantly would not give Larry or I food or money - or gas for the truck.

So Rosanne made a special trip to town - to get the exercise equipment for Izzy - she 'borrowed' it from Wickwire - the school where she taught.

Rosanne called on Karen - believing the blackmail over the documents and Wilhelmina's will and estate would control Karen - it did not - but Karen played the role perfectly - Karen gutted Rosanne like a fish every day for the next week - ultimately forcing Rosanne to tuck tail and come home.

But on Friday March 22nd - Rosanne called Karen to come to town - because it was too expensive for the truck to go to Danesville (Izzy's house).

I didn't say a word to anyone about the morning - I wanted everything to calm down enough that I could leave - go to the shelter in Halifax.

Everyone asked about Larry's hands and face - they'd been cut up falling in a ditch, fixing Rosanne's mistake.  I left out the last part.  Telling the family only that Larry had fallen doing the garbage.

There were no beatings today - no rituals.

Rosanne ordered Karen to take Jeffrey to Izzy's to drop off the exercise equipment.

Rosanne hissed at me to : "Fix the fucking mess you've made."

Rosanne believed Karen was going to do the same thing - she did not.

Karen stomped her feet and beat on the dash the entire way to Danesville - screaming what she always screamed - that I was getting what I deserved, that she didn't care if I died, killed myself or was killed by Rosanne.

Karen screaming the whole way - everyone's finally going to learn what Rosanne is - someone's finally going to call the RCMP.  And all her regular standby kitchen ritual threats and brags.

At Izzy's it was the complete opposite.

Patsy and Judy had filled Izzy in.  Patsy was there as was a woman I didn't know.

The four of them - Karen, Patsy, Izzy and the stranger - they all bounced questions off each other.  Karen led them like children to a toy store - getting them to re-create the timeline from Erlin's death to that day.  From their point of view - Karen didn't know what was going on - from their point of view - they were telling Karen everything for the first time.

After Patsy and the stranger left - Izzy, Karen and I had the same round robin - Izzy knew Karen had been lying - Izzy didn't know why I was holding back.

On the drive home - Karen was even more incensed - because I wouldn't fill in the gaps she had left for me.

Karen's Kitchen ritual all over again - screaming at her dying son that he deserves to be raped, mutilated and murdered.
