On March 29th - I was forced into Izzy's house for the 4th time in a week to cover up Rosanne's assault on her housekeepers and husband.

Karen has spent all week - masterfully leading people to a more or less correct timeline since Erlin's death - only to wind them all up again - purely to torture Rosanne.

Rosanne has spent all week screaming at me to fix the mess I made.

On March 29th - Karen, after screaming death threats, rape, murder and mutilation at me ... she walks through Izzy's door and forgets everything.

Not only does Karen forget everything - she forgets I've been held for 2 years.

All she does at Izzy's is sit and cry and say she didn't know any of this was happening.

In the car, as we are leaving, Karen turns to me and asks :

Karen : "Why did Rosanne do this - you've been helping her for weeks ?"

My response : "What the fuck do you mean weeks - I've been held for 2 years.  This has been going on for 2 years.  Do you not remember the last 2 years ?"

Karen : "No Jeffrey, you're confused - you just got home from overseas."

Karen's lies are easy to break - if you know how - and she doesn't know that you know.

When Karen is having a legitamet memory lapse - she recognizes the hole and will bounce from topic to topic trying to buy time while she searches for what she's forgotten.

When Karen is lying - she doubles down.

So in the first few minutes - as Karen insists I just got back from over seas - she hops from topic to topic - not realizing they are both unconnected and separated by years.

On March 29th - the last hop - was Karen jumping to October - Izzy had something about October - she remembered being sick in October 2018 and I wasn't there, I was overseas.

Jeff : No Karen - I was in Cape Breton - you were in the hospital - you almost died - Gary came to say goodbye.

Karen : No Jeffrey - you're confused - I was in the hospital in October (2018) because of my legs - that's why Gary was there.

Jeff : No Karen - you're legs were January 2018, Gary was there - so was I.  October was the UTI - I had been home for 2 years.

Jeff : I came home in 2017 - Dennis' birthday.

And in a blink - Karen the monster was back - screaming at me that I was getting what I deserved - the rape - the murder - the mutilations - Rosanne was getting what she deserved - everyone was finally learning what Rosanne was and on and on.
