Rosanne continued to get crazier and crazier, wilder and wilder, more and more violent.

She's up to 7 concurrent murders, 5 for me and 2 for Larry.  My 5 are successful - the seizures - the 4th terminal medical issue I have - is killing me the fastest.

Larry has survived 2 murder attempts - and Rosanne keeps trying.  She's up to  starvation, poisoning and sedating (cold meds) her husband.

Karen and Wilhelmina are flaying Rosanne alive every day - Rosanne is still having mental breakdowns once a week - as I get sicker and people notice.  My dislocated shoulder did not go unnoticed.

Only now - Karen is back to coming to Wilhelmina's - so she can see Rosanne wimpering and writhing in the chair - as they both discuss how lucky she is that she has Jeffrey - how lucky she is that Jeffrey caught Larry being sick and took him to the hospital.

My shoulder wasn't right to begin with - broken collar bone and shattered ribs will do that.  Starvation, beatings, withholding my medication - torture - mutilations - nothing is doing my shoulder any help.

Rosanne dislocated in on Feb 23rd - I had to put it back in myself.  It was never right again.

On March 19th - it hurt too much to risk the drive to town.  Larry's truck was an automatic - all the safety items were on the right side.

It was a miserable rainy week - another reason my shoulder hurt - but on the 19th - it was too much to risk the drive to town - and I, for the first time in 18 months - did not have enough food for Larry's lunch.

I was still postponing the men's shelter - that's not an environment I want to be in with 1 arm.

I completely forgot about March Break.

I waited until after Wilhelmina's normal lunch - she often slept after food.

I drove to Wilhelmina's house - because Dennis stored his potatoes in the shop.  I thought I could slip in, grab 3, grab some trapping equipment, and claim that as my visit.

I never got the chance.

By the time I realized Rosanne's car was in the driveway - I was already turning in.  I was committed.

I parked beside Dennis' truck and before I got half way to the house - Rosanne was out on the ramp hissing at me :

Rosanne : "What the fuck do you want ?"

Jeff : "My shoulder hurts too much to drive to town - I'm here for 3 potatoes for Larry's lunch.  Nothing for me."

Rosanne : "Larry doesn't eat lunch and you don't deserve a fucking thing."

Jeff : "I'm here for 3 potatoes - for Larry."

I was at the ramp to the house by that point.

Rosanne dislocated my shoulder with her first hammer fisted blow.

I continued right up the ramp - as she backpedalled to get out of the way - she fell off the ramp into the pile of boots on the drying rack.

I never layed a finger on her.

I continued in the house and went in the den - where I expected to find Dennis after his lunch - watching Clint Eastwood movies.

Dennis wasn't there.  As I turned, Rosanne was still in a pile in the porch - staring death at me.

I went in the kitchen - never made it through the door jam.

Wilhelmina was asleep in the recliner - Dennis was in the middle of making BLT's for the 3 of them (Dennis, Rosanne and Wilhelmina).

Dennis held up 1 finger to tell me to be quiet.

I whispered : "I screwed up Bub - can I have 3 potatoes to finish Larry's lunch ?"

Dennis pointed with his knife - at the cupboard - with the blue/green bowl - that has held potatoes since I was little.



