It's easy to lose track of everything that's going on - when trying to focus on a single detail.

There was no peace - no quiet - in was 24/7 - pain and violence, mutilation and beatings, rape and murder, extortion and death threats.

Every word - no matter how impulsive - no matter how idiotic or insane it seemed on the surface - every word uttered was crafted to cause as much pain and suffering as possible.

I was held for 18 months - 540 days - Rosanne's pathological need to complete her Kitchen Ritual - meant 280 confrontations in Rosanne's kitchen - only her and I and only hours after Larry went to bed.

280 times I asked to leave ... telling Rosanne "You're holding a dying man against his will.  You're threatening to kill his family.  You're going to prison for that."

280 times I asked to leave while I could still walk, while I still had the resources to visit my son's grave; to visit his mother before my death.

280 times Rosanne screeched, screamed and shrieked at me :

"You're not leaving until you're dead, kill yourself or do what you're told."

280 times Rosanne screeched, screamed and shrieked at me :

"I'm doing the world a favor - making sure you never have children again."
"I'm doing that woman a favor - making sure you never see her again."

Worse still - multiple times daily, thousands of times over 540 days - was Rosanne's rituals at Wilhelmina's house.

Rosanne would beat Larry - only at Wilhelmina's, only in front of Dennis - screeching, screaming and shrieking :

"I only need Jeffrey to stay a couple more weeks.  I only need him until X."
"It gets worse - as soon as he's gone - it gets worse for you (Larry and Dennis)."

"He (Jeffrey) has no where to go, no family of his own, no children of his own.  He has no reason to say no."

All of this is compounded further - Rosanne knows I've never married - never build a family or a home - because of how short, ugly and violent my life and death will be.

I told her myself in 2010 when I found out she was sticking her nose in my life out of the fear I would move to Canada for a woman, a family and a life.
