It's easy to lose track of everything that's going on - when trying to focus on a single detail.

There was no peace - no quiet - in was 24/7 - pain and violence, mutilation and beatings, rape and murder, extortion and death threats.

Every word - no matter how impulsive - no matter how idiotic or insane it seemed on the surface - every word uttered was crafted to cause as much pain and suffering as possible.

I was held for 18 months - 540 days - Rosanne's pathological need to complete her Kitchen Ritual - meant 280 confrontations in Rosanne's kitchen - only her and I and only hours after Larry went to bed.

More than 180 of these occurred after Rosanne began trying to kill Larry and I via starvation.  That started as soon as Suzanne flew back to Europe in July 2018.

More than 180 times - I asked Rosanne to bring us food.
More than 180 times - I reminded Rosanne that withholding food and my life-saving medication - was a pre-meditated murder.
More than 180 times - I reminded Rosanne - she was stealing Larry's pensions the way her mother stole my siblings (and I's) college funds.

More than 180 times Rosanne screeched and screamed and shrieked :

"You don't fucking deserve anything to eat.  Larry has never eaten lunch - you're fucking lying about that just to make me look crazy."
"You get supper every night - you're fucking lucky I allow that - 1 phone call and Dennis won't even give you that."

"If I ever see you with food - if I ever even suspect you have food - if Wilhelmina ever tells me you asked Dennis for food - you know what happens to Larry.  He'll die - just like he nearly did in 2016."

"If you don't do what you're told - if you don't make sure Larry is hungry enough to listen to me every day - he'll starve - you'll starve.  He'll wander the house all day and all night.  He'll fall down the stairs trying to find something to eat.  He'll get into something he isn't suppose to and choke.  You'll find him dead on the floor in the morning."

"If you want some food for him - you have to make sure he's hungry enough to listen to me - and tell everyone you've been lying about him eating lunch."

Rosanne had no idea I was getting food for Larry from the foodbank.  She watched me starve to death - losing 1/3 of my bodyweight.  She watched me starve and she beat Dennis, Larry and I because Larry came to Wilhelmina's every day and told Dennis and Tammy what he had to eat that day.

Several of the mental breakdowns Rosanne had in the winter of 2018 - was because she learned I was eating lobster bait.  Not figuratively - I drove to Shelburne for Dennis to pick up his lobster bait.  He always picked out a half shopping bag of edibles.  Rosanne never knew I salted, smoked and stored them in caches around her property.

But she did catch me cooking or eating it.  And it always drove her to a breakdown - how do you explain the man you're raping and murdering, starving, beating and torturing - how do you explain that that man would rather eat lobster bait than hurt his Uncle.

This is what my childhood was like - starvation - eating bait - eating whatever I could catch in tidal pools.

Erlin put in a small garden for me every summer.  He taught me to smoke, salt and pickle foods.  He taught me to hide caches in stone walls, in the basement, in my trapping shed.  Everything I did to feed Larry - I learned from Erlin - because I was starved the same way as a child.
