This document is slightly different - no preamble - no reminders of who is who.




I did well tree-planting in 1994.  Karen was begging for my help to escape Rosanne and Wilhelmina.  I had seen with my own 2 eyes, heard with my own ears, Wilhelmina had gouged / clawed her daughter’s inheritance back from her - for 40k and some groceries.

I was coming into my own - hunting predators - I was trained and experienced in the cycles of abuse - where abuser becomes victim and victim becomes abuser.

I was scared for my sisters.  This wasn’t simple family abuse - child abuse.  Karen, Rosanne and Wilhelmina were full fledged psychopaths.  According to them Wilhelmina’s mother was worse.  Which made my sisters the 4 generation of psychopaths.

I got it in my head - if I could help Karen escape Rosanne and Wilhelmina - if I could help her end her cycle - then it wouldn’t happen to my sisters.

Karen began begging for money as soon as I returned from tree planting.

Wilhelmina was still being the abusive liar and thief she had been earlier that year.

So I started lending Karen money.

She always cried and begged and said :

I’ll pay it back one day.  I’ll keep track and pay it back when I can.
If I can’t, if the doctors are right, then I’ll do anything I can to help you in your end.

Karen cried and begged - promising that if my life ended before she could re-pay me - she’d do anything to help me in the end.

I kept track of Karen’s loans - because I count things.  My masters in applied linguistics from Australia - was computational linguistics - I count things.

From 1994 to 2005, Karen borrowed 44k.  The biggest single sum was in 2001 - Karen cried and begged for almost a year - she needed surgery.  She wouldn’t be able to look after herself.  She knew that I lived in a car (for 10 years) and did contract work - so I had my winters to travel Canada and the US talking to doctors - trying to slow my own death.

She cried and begged for almost a year - for me to live in Petite for the winter to help her - so she didn’t have to move into Wilhelmina’s house.  She sobbed and cried and begged - I had helped for so long - with so much money - to help her escape Wilhelmina - she couldn’t possibly go back there.

I drove a motorcycle and sidecar across Canada.  I lived with Karen - the very first day - she hit me with the 12k she needed to pay off overdue loans, bills etc.

I paid those bills and loans.  12k.  When I tell my siblings Karen owed me 44k in 2005 - that’s just cash in hand - I don’t count the winter I lived in her house, I don’t count the normal utilities I paid each month - I don’t count the groceries I paid for.  I’m only counting the cash money I gave her.

But living with her also made me suspicious.  Karen was the same liar and thief she’d always been.  Pissing away money and crying and begging for her children to cover her debts.

In 2005 when Erlin asked me to come to his 60th wedding anniversary - I was forced to ask Wilhelmina for permission to come.

I came, Danielle and Madi were living with Karen - and the screaming and shrieking matches were everything I remembered from the 1980s.  Karen has such a hateful, violent, carbon copy of Wilhelmina that I told her I’d never lend her a penny again.

The proverbial straw was that Danielle wanted Karen to get out of bed 30 minutes earlier each day - to watch Madi before Madi went to day care.  Karen screeched and screamed, she stomped her feet and beat on her furniture - that no - no one had helped her raise her children - she was never helping Danielle raise Madi.  Karen screeched and screamed that Rosanne was paying for the day care so Rosanne could pay the extra for Madi to go early.

There was no point reminding Karen that Walter and Lois took all 4 kids for 2 months every summer for a decade.  No point reminding Karen that Dennis had given her both a house and a car as well as all the meat and vegetables we ate growing up.  None of it mattered - Karen was a full blow psychopath in a full blown psychotic break.

That screaming match lasted the entire 2 months I was in Nova Scotia.

I tried several times to offer Karen a job - Karen would look after Madi and I would pay her - on the condition she never tells Danielle.  Danielle was to think her mother was helping because a grandmother should help.  Karen screeched and screamed no - the same bullshit about Rosanne - all while literally holding out her hand - demanding the money I sent regularly.

I said no - never again.  I’d rather give my money to Danielle.

Danielle took the little bit I had now and then - to take courses, start her own business.  I helped her pay for wood when she lived in the trailer and oil when she lived in Lunenburg.

Danielle didn’t get loans - they were gifts from brother to sister.

Karen destroyed everything I owned.

Every box, every book, every thing I put in storage at Dennis’ house and Karen’s house - was hauled to the dump and destroyed - because I wouldn’t lend her money anymore.

Danielle rescued 2 small boxes - Karen bitched and complained about them until Danielle took them.  Karen’s as hateful as Wilhelmina ever was.
