In 2015 I spent 10 - 12 hrs a day - every day - 7 days a week - with Erlin.  Dennis and I cooked.  I wrote a cookbook about it.

Erlin developed bedsores - pressure ulcers - because he was fading and too weak to move and restore circulation.

The ulcers got bad enough the VON (Victoria Order of Nurses) was brought in every 2-3 days to change bandages.

They advised the family on medical treatments and equipment that Erlin would need to survive the ulcers.  One particularly bad one on his hip - the VON warned us - if it hit bone, Erlin would go in the hospital and not come out.  He wouldn't survive a bone infection.

The family bought the medical equipment.  VON taught Wilhelmina and I how to use the pillows to make sure Erlin sat upright - with his worst ulcers exposed to the air to dry, not touching anything, for maximum circulation and healing.

Wilhelmina smiled and nodded and said yes and thank you - until the VON was gone.

Then she took the pillows from Erlin, she made him slump over on his ulcers - more pressure - no circulation - no air - on towels - because Wilhelmina didn't want the chair ruined.

I pulled VON aside every day and asked that they explain it to Wilhelmina again - they did - it didn't matter.

Wilhelmina, already calling and screaming at Rosanne - added in "Jeffrey's telling stories about us again.  You have to come look after your father.  I can't and Jeffrey's lying again."

Rosanne, disembodied, refused, screaming "Make Karen do it.  It's her turn.  Make Jeffrey do it.  It's his turn."

Wilhelmina tortured and abused Erlin for weeks - screaming at Rosanne to come home and make her stop - to come home and look after Erlin.  Rosanne refused - leaving her dying father to be abused.

Wilhelmina called, screaming at Karen - who also refused to come - until Wilhelmina reminded Karen of the paper - and she could remove Karen entirely from the will.

Karen showed up - only for VON visits - just before and stayed until supper.

Karen sat - doing and saying nothing - falling asleep and burning herself while Wilhelmina screamed at her to make Jeffrey stop telling stories.  Wilhelmina screaming at Karen to make Rosanne come home and look after her father.

Erlin continued to get worse - the VON continued to warn the family if the ulcers hit bone - he'll go into a hospital and die from the infection.

Once Karen was there - Wilhelmina would scream at me until she threw me out of the house.  Ordering me to leave and never come back.

I came at supper time - because I had to drive Karen back to town.

Karen was sitting in her car, sobbing and chain smoking, crying that Wilhelmina will take her (Karen) out of the will if I (Jeff) don't stop telling the VON stories.

I told Karen to go fuck herself.  Her father was dying - her mother was abusing him to make Rosanne come home - and she did nothing but sleep and burn herself with cigarettes.

It took weeks of Wilhelmina working herself into a frenzied collapse every day - too weak to take away what the VON had done - to heal Erlin's worst ulcers.
