In the last days of March 2015, I drove to Beach Meadows to ask Dennis for my childhood home.

He was fishing and would be back that afternoon.

Erlin waited until Wilhelmina was occupied - to ask me to live with Karen.  She was in trouble and Wilhelmina wouldn't let Erlin help her because of that stupid paper they had all signed in 1994.

I'm not afraid of anything - not in this context - living with my rapist - doable if it meant doing my dying grandfather a favor.

Just as, in 2017 - being raped and murdered all over again - by the same rapists - all 3 of them - doable - if it meant helping Dennis and Larry.

In 2015 Karen was an indescribable drug addict / fentanyl addict.  She didn't get out of bed before 2 pm, smoked, drank coffee and burned herself with cigarettes - herself and all her furniture - because the fentanyl - a maximum dose patch - made her fall asleep every 10 to 15 minutes.

Her apartment was the stink and filth of a drug addict that can't stay awake longer than 10 minutes.  Many items - I simply pitched onto the back deck rather than deal with.  The crisper was a biohazard.

I spent no time at Karen's - and Karen spent no time at Erlin's.  She came for supper sporadically - the only time she consistently showed up - was when Wilhelmina and Rosanne were abusing Erlin.  Even then - it wasn't to help Erlin - it was because Wilhelmina was threatening to remove her from the will entirely.

2015 is when I found out the document in 1994 - only required Karen forfeit the 40k she borrowed from her father.  I'd been told for 20 years that she'd been forced to forfeit all inheritance.  Liars and thieves - all of three women.  I didn't care.

Karen began sobbing and crying about her debt and how unfair everything was and how much she'd sacrificed to get her children out into the world.  I just laughed at her and called her a liar and a thief.

Karen was 8k in debt.  She was on the verge of being evicted.  Karen begged for the money - Erlin asked me to pay it off - because Wilhelmina wouldn't allow it - that stupid paper again.

I paid off Karen's debts.  I spent no time with her.  She spent no time with me.

Rosanne had abandoned her parents - living at the cottage - not even her own home.  She was a disembodied voice on a phone screaming "Make Jeffrey do it - it's his turn."

Larry was driving himself to town 5-6 times a day - Wilhelmina complained endlessly.

My days were spent with Dennis and Erlin.  Wilhelmina yelling at me she wished I was never born - wished my siblings and cousins had never been born - that was the price of seeing the 2 men that raised me.

I paid it - in spades - sitting with Wilhelmina every day - explaining, quietly, that her abuse - the things she says - that's why Karen's a drug addict - that's why Rosanne's run away - again.  That's why no one visits - why grandchildren hate coming here.

