The first time Erlin broke down - I didn't know what he knew - it made sense very quickly ...

Erlin's Death Bed confessions occurred more than a dozen times that summer.  It took extreme stress, flashbacks of my childhood (I would learn), to trigger a breakdown where he cried and told me everything and within a day and better health - he forgot he had told me.  It was a fresh new wound every time for him.

Erlin would have to be alone, just after Wilhelmina had screamed she wished I was never born.  It happened more often after he was abused by Wilhelmina - Karen or Rosanne.  It happened more often after a trigger involving food - especially me bring him food.  He was living my childhood - in reverse - he was the sick one, the one being beaten and starved ...  I was the one bringing him food - cooking for him - the way he snuck me food and clothes as a kid.  The way he taught me to salt, smoke and pickle food - and hide it in caches - from Karen.

In 2018-19 - I used the same skills to hide food for Larry - from Rosanne - for 10 months.

In 2015 Erlin always started with - you're not like the other grandchildren.  I hope they're not like you.

Erlin : Do you remember waking up on the floor ? Do you remember being different after being beaten that week ?

Erlin didn't have the word brain damage - but he knew I was different - not the same as the other grandchildren - and he knew it was because of one, week long, beating.  A beating I got because he had given Suzanne and John Paul to Rosanne.

Erlin explained, with his grade 6 vocabulary, that he knew his wife and daughters were psychopaths - and Dennis wasn't.  He knew they hurt people to get what they wanted.  He knew they hurt people to make other people do things.  He knew that unless they were 100% the only winner - they'd just keep hurting people.

Erlin explained he remembered me differently before the beating - when I was normal - like my siblings - like when we all got beat due to the clothesline.

Erlin explained he had tried to do his best - giving each woman a little of what they wanted - but that only made them angrier.

Erlin explained that Karen beat the 4 of us (siblings) so badly, so many times, he was worried she'd cripple or kill the youngest 2 - so he gave them to Rosanne.

Erlin explained that it only made it worse - that when I told the teachers at District 7 about it - I took the beating he feared would kill his grandchildren.

I never explained Karen's lies about that day - they didn't matter.

Erlin explained that he knew I was broken - that Karen and Rosanne and Wilhelmina knew they had broken me (brain damage).

Erlin explained that that is why they argued so much and so often about how to beat me afterwards - how to punish me - because I wouldn't listen like a normal child.  (I couldn't be threatened)

Erlin explained he couldn't send his wife and daugters to jail.  He explained he did his best to help me - and that it only made it worse - especially for Suzanne and John Paul.




Erlin explained that when Cody was born, when Karen and Rosanne and Wilhelmina were at a stalemate about giving Suzanne to Rosanne - that Erlin stepped in.  Erlin claimed he had caught the men abusing me (he could never say rape - and he was wrong anyway) and made a deal with Karen, Rosanne and Wilhelmina - Suzanne would be sent to Rosanne's to help with Cody - and I would be left alone.  No more men visiting me in the backyard.

The problem with that - the thing I never explained to Erlin - I stopped the rape a year before Cody was born - I cut a man to the bone in the backyard and openly wore a knife after that.  No one had touched me in a year.  Suzanne was given to Rosanne - for no reason at all.



Erlin helped me as best he could - he watched Suzanne be turned into one of them as a teenager - by Rosanne's torture - Suzanne was made to raise both of Rosanne's boys.

Erlin helped me as best he could - he watched John Paul be tortured by Rosanne.

Erlin helped me as best he could - he explained the day he stood in the kitchen (in 1993) while Wilhelmina banished me from the family - he explained he hadn't been that embarassed or felt as guilty since he found the men abusing me.

Erlin explained he needed to ask me the one thing he could never bring himself to ask the other grandchildren ...

Were they given to men the way Jeffrey was ?
Was Suzanne brain-damaged the way Jeffrey was ?
Was John Paul brain-damaged the way Jeffrey was ?

Were any of the other grandchildren - Danielle, Dustin, Cody - were any of them treated the way Suzanne, John Paul and I were ?

Erlin explained that Wilhelmina has forgotten all of it.  She can't remember what she did.  Erlin explained that he's worried that when he dies - Karen, Rosanne and Wilhelmina will be worse than ever.  Erlin explained he's worried Dennis won't know what to do - that I'm the only one that seems to be able to tolerate them - knowing what they did.

Erlin had one dying request - talk to my siblings, especially Suzanne and John Paul - as soon after his death as I could.  Find out what he asked me to find out and convince anyone like me - to say nothing until after Wilhelmina passes.

I had most of those answers in 2015 - but I promised Erlin - I would not bring up the topics until after Erlin's death.

I flew to Suzanne's in Switzerland the month after Erlin's death.
I flew to John Paul's as soon as I could - almost a year after his death.

I've spoken with every grandchild - only Cody was by phone.

None of my siblings knew what I was doing - at that time - none of them knew or understood what I did for a living.

Their answers are just that - theirs.

Only 1 answer is important to my rape and murder ...

Suzanne and John Paul - a year and a planet apart - barely speaking to each other - gave the same answer ...

"What did Rosanne do to you when you lived with her as kids ?"

"I'm never discussing that - you'd never believe me if I did."


