From April 22nd 2017 to April 22nd 2019 I was held against my will in Beach Meadows Nova Scotia, in the home of a raping, murdering pedophile from my childhood, by a single threat - Larry Williams would be killed the way he almost died in 2016 if I left, told anyone or refused to care for him.

From 2017 - 2019 I was forced into the homes and chores of the other 2 raping, murdering pedophiles from my childhood.  I was forced by a single threat - Larry Williams would be killed the way he almost died in 2016 if I didn't go.

The same 3 women that beat me into brain damage before I was 10.  The same 3 women that starved, mutilated and beat me into one of the worst fatal sexual assaults / mutilations in modern Canadian times (more severe than David Reimer).  The same 3 women that threatened to give my younger brother and sister to the same child rapists I was given to if I went to teachers, doctors, lawyers, the courts or the RCMP from 1980 to 1994.

The same 3 women that did much, much more.

My Grandfather was Erlin Conrad.  His wife was Wilhelmina (sp?).  His children are my mother Karen, my aunt Rosanne and my Uncle Dennis (Bub).

Larry Williams is Rosanne's husband.  He has Huntington's.

Wilhelmina, Rosanne and Karen are all psychopaths.  They all believe so intently that they (individually) have suffered so much more than anyone else in history - that they (individually) are justified in any level of violence to get what they want.

When 2 or all 3 go head to head - it's a spiraling meat grinder of extreme violence.  Every cycle only convinces the other 1 or 2, they must hit back harder.  Which they do via their own pathological rituals of abuse - by torturing other, more vulnerable, family members, while screaming at yet another family member what they must do to stop the torture and abuse.

Wilhelmina and Rosanne share a common mental illness - they both believe everyone is lying to make them think they are crazy.  They both believe that everyone is gas lighting them.

In terms of my rape, mutilation and murder - Wilhelmina's belief she was being gas lit is irrelevant.

Rosanne on the other hand - she invented her own gas lighting triggers and Wilhelmina and Karen used them to torture Rosanne into every greater acts of violence against Dennis, Larry and I.


Rosanne Gas Lighting Triggers (that she invented)
-------------------------------------------------


From 2017 - 2019 (if not before and after) Rosanne was so convinced that Larry was faking his Huntington's symptoms - but only when she was around - only for her - to make her think she was crazy - that Rosanne screamed it - the entire explanation - at him while she beat him in front of Dennis every chance she got.

Wilhelmina and Karen regularly yelled or screamed the same trigger at Rosanne every chance they got, causing Rosanne to spiral into ever greater acts of violence.

Wilhelmina and Karen : You (Rosanne) know he (Larry) is faking it.  He wants you to think you're crazy.  He wants everyone to think you're crazy.  He doesn't do this to Jeffrey.



From 2017 - 2019 (if not before and after) Rosanne was so convinced that I was telling everyone, everything that went on in Wilhelmina's house that she screamed it at me day and night.  It did not matter how many times I explained to Rosanne - if I breathed a word, the slightest hint, of kidnap, rape, mutilation, torture, murder or the beatings of Dennis and Larry to anyone - she'd be in prison.

Wilhelmina and Karen regularly yelled or screamed the same trigger at Rosanne every chance they got, causing Rosanne to spiral into ever greater acts of violence.

Wilhelmina and Karen : You (Rosanne) know what he (Jeffrey) is doing.  He's telling stories again.  He's telling everyone you've run away and aren't looking after Larry.



From 2017 - 2019 (if not before and after) Rosanne was so convinced that my ability to endure rape, torture, mutilation and murder ... my ability to endure beatings so Dennis and Larry didn't have to ... Rosanne was so convinced that I was faking what she was doing to me (my symptoms and injuries) that she regularly contradicted herself multiple times in the same breath - bragging then threatening a repeat, then denying it ever happened and screaming I was faking.  This is emotional and physical battery - overwhelming a victim with contradictory statements to cause fear and panic.


From July 2018 to April 2019 Rosanne withheld all food, money and assistance.  She collected 10k a month in her salary and Larry's pensions.  She collected 100k while I was starved, raped, mutilated, tortured and murdered.  I was secretly getting food from the food bank for Larry - while I, myself, starved.  I never took and food bank food for myself.  I starved because I had no food, no money and Rosanne screamed at me every night Larry would be killed if I was seen with or Rosanne even suspected I had asked for food.  I lost 1/3 of my body weight and developed my 4th terminal medical conditions - the seizures that began on August 23rd 2018.

For this 10 month period Rosanne screamed every day that Larry didn't eat lunch, had never eaten lunch.  Dennis and Tammy ignored her as (figuratively) insane because Larry told Tammy what he had to eat, everything I cooked or provided, every day as Tammy and Larry set the table for supper.  Rosanne couldn't scream that Larry didn't eat lunch in front of Larry because he would correct her right then and there.

Wilhelmina and Karen brought this topic up every chance they had.  All 3 women knew I was being starved - knew that Rosanne had stolen and destroyed more than 18 months of food I had stored (smoked, salted, bottled and pickled) - Wilhelmina was herself set to watch me from October 2018 to April 2019.  If I asked Dennis for food, if I took leftovers, Wilhelmina was to tell Rosanne.

Wilhelmina and Karen smiled and laughed every chance they got to ask Rosanne what Larry had to eat that day.

Not one of them.  Not Rosanne, not Karen, not Wilhelmina - they all knew I hadn't worked or been paid in 4 years.  They all knew Rosanne was keeping all food, money and assistance to herself.  Not one of them asked where the food came from.  Wilhelmina and Karen didn't - because their honest statements "I don't know where the food is coming from - you know Jeffrey - he's probably telling stories again."

Rosanne never asked because it would have been the ultimate failure - to ask the person she's raping and murdering because he's bringing food to Larry - where the food was coming from.
