This document is slightly different - no preamble - no reminders of who is who.



If you’ve kept up with the 1994 series on Karen’s 120k in loans, lying and stealing - it’s time for one last mention - why it’s relevant to my murder.

The humorous (my sense of humour) symmetry in the universe.  I've documented (1994 folder) Karen borrowing over 120k - over her life - from her children and father by lying, stealing and playing family against each other.  Karen's intense hatred of Rosanne stems, in part, from the financial disparity.  Karen did Rosanne and Larry's taxes for years - and complained every year that they pissed through 100k a year while Karen had to beg for scraps.

This financial hatred only grew in 2017 - Rosanne collected 120k a year - for the 2 years - a quarter of a million dollars - while raping and murdering Karen's son.  Karen didn't care about the rape - she was furious about the money.  Karen had to lie her entire life to steal what Rosanne made trying to kill her own husband in 1 year.  Karen had to lie her entire life to steal what Rosanne made raping and murdering Karen's son for a year.

Karen screeched and screamed and yelled endlessly - screaming "I've earned the right to do this (torture etc) to Rosanne.  I've earned every pound of flesh I'm due.  I've earned every penny I'm owed."



In 2017 I was sex trafficked, kidnapped, held, tortured, mutilated and murdered by Rosanne and Karen.

I was forced into Karen’s house 60 times - by the threats that Larry would be killed if I didn’t go.

Karen stomped her feet and beat on her counter screeching and screaming that I was getting what I deserved - that Karen didn’t care if I died - didn’t care if I killed myself - didn’t care if Rosanne killed me.

During these marathon kitchen rituals of Karen - Karen was the same liar she has always been :

Screaming at me “I (Karen) don’t have any money - I can’t help you - you have to call the RCMP.  Rosanne is finally getting what she deserves - you have to call the RCMP.”

Jeff : “I didn’t ask you for money - but on the topic - you are a liar - you torture Rosanne, to beat and threaten to kill Larry, to make me run your errands.  You’re banking is one of the errands you make me run.  I know you have 18k in savings.  I know you make 30k-35k a year.  I know John Paul paid off the car.  I know he took over when I stopped giving you money in 2005.  You’re the same liar and thief you’ve always been.  The same liar and thief Wilhelmina is.  The same liar and thief Rosanne is.”

Jeff : “I never asked you for money.  You owe me - 52k - you borrowed it promising in the end - when I die - you’d do anything I asked … well I’m asking … tell Rosanne to let me go.  Tell her that - and we are square - you can forget the 52k.”

Karen (screaming) : “No, you can’t ask that, it (52k) isn’t worth that (telling Rosanne to let me go).  If you want to leave - do what you’re told - call the RCMP.”

Jeff : “Call the RCMP yourself - you’re the United Church Minister.  But you won’t - you’re the same monster your mother is.  You want to win - you want to break me so you can brag about it to Rosanne and Wilhelmina.  You’re raping and murdering your own son because you’re too selfish to pick up the phone.”

*** I do realize it's Karen's pathological ritual - the need to force others to do things - no matter the violence needed.  This is the second time she's committed one of the most violent and horrific sexual mutilations, of her own child, in modern Canada.

Karen (screaming) : “You’re getting what you deserve.  I’ve earned this.  I have the right to do this.  You don’t know what she’s done.  You won’t know what she’s capable of.”

Jeff : “You’re both raping and murdering the same child.  You’re both screaming at him what he has to do to make it stop.  You are what she is capable of : rapists and murderers.”

