From April 22nd 2017 to April 22nd 2019 I was held against my will in Beach Meadows Nova Scotia, in the home of a raping, murdering pedophile from my childhood, by a single threat - Larry Williams would be killed the way he almost died in 2016 if I left, told anyone or refused to care for him.

From 2017 - 2019 I was forced into the homes and chores of the other 2 raping, murdering pedophiles from my childhood.  I was forced by a single threat - Larry Williams would be killed the way he almost died in 2016 if I didn't go.

The same 3 women that beat me into brain damage before I was 10.  The same 3 women that starved, mutilated and beat me into one of the worst fatal sexual assaults / mutilations in modern Canadian times (more severe than David Reimer).  The same 3 women that threatened to give my younger brother and sister to the same child rapists I was given to if I went to teachers, doctors, lawyers, the courts or the RCMP from 1980 to 1994.

The same 3 women that did much, much more.

My Grandfather was Erlin Conrad.  His wife was Wilhelmina (sp?).  His children are my mother Karen, my aunt Rosanne and my Uncle Dennis (Bub).

Larry Williams is Rosanne's husband.  He has Huntington's.

Wilhelmina, Rosanne and Karen are all psychopaths.  They all believe so intently that they (individually) have suffered so much more than anyone else in history - that they (individually) are justified in any level of violence to get what they want.

When 2 or all 3 go head to head - it's a spiraling meat grinder of extreme violence.  Every cycle only convinces the other 1 or 2, they must hit back harder.  Which they do via their own pathological rituals of abuse - by torturing other, more vulnerable, family members, while screaming at yet another family member what they must do to stop the torture and abuse.

Karen, Rosanne and Wilhelmina all gas light each other.  Rosanne invented her own.  Wilhelmina and Karen feed these triggers back to Rosanne causing the spiralling increase in violence over the 2 years I was held.

Rosanne's own trigger was used to blackmail and kidnap herself.

Rosanne began starving Larry and I in July 2018.  No one knew I was getting food for Larry from the food bank - for 10 months.

Rosanne began screaming that "Jeffrey is a liar and a fraud.  Larry doesn't eat lunch.  He's never eaten lunch."

This was her attempt to cover up the complete starvation of 2 adults.

Dennis and Tammy didn't believe Rosanne because Larry told them what he had to eat every day.

The second Rosanne's son flew to Australia in mid October - Rosanne screamed at and beat Dennis - forbidding him to give Larry and I food or leftovers.  Rosanne threatened, every night, to kill Larry if I was seen with, or if she even suspected I had asked for food.  Wilhelmina was set to watch me and report to Rosanne.

Wilhelmina, the second Rosanne's son was gone, called me to her house and explained if I ever came to see Dennis, if I ever had a coffee with him, she (Wilhelmina) would call Rosanne and tell her I had asked for food.  "You know what Rosanne will do.  You know what will happen to Larry.  You know what will happen to Dennis.  You're never to set foot in this house again."

That's how hateful and violent Wilhelmina is - even without her memories of beating me and giving me to child rapists, she tortures her own son - tortures Rosanne into beating him - and then takes away the one family member he enjoys spending time with.  This was specifically to isolate and undermine Dennis.

Rosanne stayed at the cottage (45 min away) after her son flew to Australia.  She thought Wilhelmina would watch me and she (Rosanne) could skip the dinners and beatings.

Nope.

I wasn't allowed to see Dennis.  I wasn't allowed to have coffee with him.  Wilhelmina threatened to have Rosanne kill Larry and beat Dennis if I even came to the house.

And yet - Wilhelmina made plates of leftovers for Larry and I each night.  Then called Rosanne to complain I had taken them without asking.  Wilhelmina, very simply, threatened, blackmailed and kidnapped Rosanne.

Wilhelmina required that Rosanne move to Wilhelmina's house and look after her mother like she had promised her father in exchange for the cottage.  Or Jeffrey would be given food every day.

Wilhelmina, I listened to the screaming phone calls every day for 10 days, explained quite simply - Rosanne would live at Wilhelmina's.  She would go to work.  She would come straight home.  She would spend her evenings with her mother.  Or Jeffrey would be given food every day.

This is their rituals and pathologies in action.  Wilhelmina, 90+, unable to stand, used the simple threat of giving me food to kidnap her own daughter; to force Rosanne to come home - but not to Rosanne's home.

It took 10 days to break Rosanne.

10 days of Rosanne screeching, screaming and shrieking that Larry would be killed if I didn't stop Wilhelmina.

My answer was the same.

You (Rosanne) are being lied to and manipulated by much better monsters.
Karen and Wilhelmina are lying to you.  They are doing this.
You're only way out is to let me go and come home and look after Larry.
Larry is your excuse to get away from them.

Each night of Rosanne's Kitchen Ritual - as I asked her to let me go, let me leave so I can see my son's grave before I die, so I can see his mother before I die ... each night as I told Rosanne she was holding a dying man against his will, threatening to kill his family if he left ... each night as I told Rosanne she was raping, mutilating and murdering the same child a second time ...

Rosanne screamed her response : "You're not the one that's been fucking kidnapped - I'm the one being forced into a house because you won't fucking do what you are fucking told."
