From April 22nd 2017 to April 22nd 2019 I was held against my will in Beach Meadows Nova Scotia, in the home of a raping, murdering pedophile from my childhood, by a single threat - Larry Williams would be killed the way he almost died in 2016 if I left, told anyone or refused to care for him.

From 2017 - 2019 I was forced into the homes and chores of the other 2 raping, murdering pedophiles from my childhood.  I was forced by a single threat - Larry Williams would be killed the way he almost died in 2016 if I didn't go.

The same 3 women that beat me into brain damage before I was 10.  The same 3 women that starved, mutilated and beat me into one of the worst fatal sexual assaults / mutilations in modern Canadian times (more severe than David Reimer).  The same 3 women that threatened to give my younger brother and sister to the same child rapists I was given to if I went to teachers, doctors, lawyers, the courts or the RCMP from 1980 to 1994.

The same 3 women that did much, much more.

My Grandfather was Erlin Conrad.  His wife was Wilhelmina (sp?).  His children are my mother Karen, my aunt Rosanne and my Uncle Dennis (Bub).

Larry Williams is Rosanne's husband.  He has Huntington's.

Wilhelmina, Rosanne and Karen are all psychopaths.  They all believe so intently that they (individually) have suffered so much more than anyone else in history - that they (individually) are justified in any level of violence to get what they want.

When 2 or all 3 go head to head - it's a spiraling meat grinder of extreme violence.  Every cycle only convinces the other 1 or 2, they must hit back harder.  Which they do via their own pathological rituals of abuse - by torturing other, more vulnerable, family members, while screaming at yet another family member what they must do to stop the torture and abuse.

All of this is made all the worse by prescription drug addiction.  This issue was shared by Rosanne and Karen but not Wilhelmina.

Rosanne’s Prescription Drug Addiction
—————————————————


Rosanne has always had a drinking problem.  Her migraines were the only reason she gave it up for so long.  Her drinking problems were back in full swing in 2017 - 2019.  In other circumstances I would have considered her drinking unimportant - a normal midlife crisis and coping mechanism - except I was being kidnapped, held, tortured, mutilated, raped and murdered.

From 2017-2019 Rosanne didn’t live in the house - she lived at the cottage 45 minutes away - I still slept with my door shut and wedged closed with a splitting wedge because her drinking and drug addictions were that out of control.

In April 2019, when Rosanne moved back into the house for my last 22 days of captivity - I slept with the door wedged shut and a rifle next to me.  Her drinking, drug issues and mental breakdowns were that severe - on top of the 5 successful murders against me and the 2 unsuccessful murder attempts against Larry.  And the beatings, torture, starvation etc.

Rosanne had, in 2017-2019, an assortment of medical issues and medications that I was not made aware of.  I didn’t ask my rapist about private issues.

I caught Rosanne taking Larry’s Huntington’s medications on a regular basis.

Rosanne dipping into Larry’s medical marijuana (oil) would have been overlooked if it weren’t for the whole rape / mutilation / murder problem.  I had to bring it up again and again and again until she gave the oil away.

Rosanne dipping into Larry’s anti-psychotics - as sleep aids - again - I would have overlooked as a midlife crisis / coping mechanism - if Rosanne had actually been doing anything other that my rape, mutilation and murder.

Rosanne blowing through a month of codeine - 100 controlled - gotta show ID and Health Card to purchase - can only have 100 a month - codeine painkillers in 3 weeks or less was a problem no matter what the circumstances.

Rosanne using Larry’s ID and Health Card to illegally buy herself even more codeine - when it says right on the bottle - don’t exceed 100 pills in 30 days.  That was a big problem.

Now add in Rosanne’s drinking problem, illegal painkillers, Larry’s anti-psychotics and at times, daily mental breakdowns.

Yup - I slept with the door barred - when she lived 45 minutes away.

Yup - I slept with the door barred, and a rifle beside me - when she lived in the house.




Karen’s Prescription Drug Addiction
————————————————


Karen was a prescription drug addict since the 1980s if not before.  Her addictions got worse as she got older.

Wilhelmina has screamed since I was a child : “Most of Karen’s problems are that G.D. junk she swallows.  She never met a pill she didn’t like.”

I was overseas when Karen had the same severe mental breakdown as her mother and lost the ability to work.  Karen eked out the smallest pension on long term disability which is where her prescription drug addiction escalated exponentially.  Karen was a raging fentanyl addict when I came to Canada in 2015 - she was not when I came to Canada and lived at Acadia in Wolfville in 2012.

In January 2015 I returned to Canada and rented an apartment in Halifax.  By March, word came through my older sister, it would be Erlin’s last summer.  I went to Beach Meadows to ask Dennis for the old house (his property he doesn’t use, my childhood home).  Erlin asked that I not ask Dennis.  Erlin asked that I live with Karen.  Her drug addictions and medical issues had made her housebound since her “retirement” - just like her mother.  Wilhelmina was essentially housebound since her mental breakdown.  Erlin recognized the pattern and asked that I help his daughter.  He prefaced it with a family expression I despise.  “You’re not like the other children, you can do this, they couldn’t.”  Erlin never used the word “brain damage” until his death bed confession in 2015 - a month after I moved into Karen’s apartment in Liverpool.

My brain damage makes me unafraid of confronting my childhood rapist, mutilator and murderer.  Karen lived in the stink and filth of a major fentanyl addict.  In 2015 Karen was on the highest dose allowed.  I gave Karen’s doctor an earful of my thoughts on the topic, several times, in 2015 and again in 2021.  Karen could only drool and burn herself with cigarettes.  She was unable to get out of bed before 2 pm, unable to stay awake more than a few minutes and was covered in scabs and burns - as were her clothes and furniture.  Karen was evicted in 2017 for these issues.  In 2019, after my release and move to Liverpool, Karen’s landlords (from 2015) found me and began to apologize.  I told them not to bother.  I had no issue with them.

Karen was still a raging fentanyl addict in 2017 when I was lured to Canada by Rosanne’s lies and fraud.  In the span of 11 months - Karen self-harmed 6 times, causing life threatening medical complications that were ignored as prescription drug issues.  In January of 2018 she almost lost her legs to an infection.  In May of 2018 she almost administered a triplicate lethal drug combination - the exact combination that killed the musician Prince.  In October 2018 she almost died from a UTI - an infection so serious her retired family doctor came to the hospital to say goodbye to her.

In December 2018 - the very height of Rosanne’s own mental breakdowns before her second attempt to kill her husband, Karen’s fentanyl was finally taken from her by a new doctor.  The resulting withdrawal nearly killed Karen.
