This document is slightly different - no preamble - no reminders of who is who.  This document is for my siblings and cousins.

Wilhelmina had a mental breakdown in her 40s or 50s and stopped working - becoming a shut-in.  She tortured her family and in her last days, when she couldn’t get her own way, repeatedly tried to end her life.  On July 1st 2017, she tried to kill herself in her own yard, screaming at me, it would make Rosanne come home and send me away, screaming that if she died - she’d frame me for it so Dennis would hate me for ever.

Karen had a mental breakdown in her late 50s and stopped working - she was always a drug addict - she became a worse one - fentanyl will do that.  Karen tortured her family, kidnapping, raping, mutilating, torturing, starving, beating and murdering her own, already dying, son.  When she couldn’t get her way in 2018, she self-harmed on the level of suicide attempts - 6 times.

Rosanne had a mental breakdown in her 50s and was forced out of administration and back into teaching.  She had another mental breakdown while kidnapping, raping, mutilating, torturing, starving, beating and murdering her own, already dying, nephew.  She beat her husband as often as 5 times a day.  She beat her brother as often as 5 times a day.  She tried to kill her husband twice.

Rosanne had many little mental breakdowns all the while she was raping, mutilating and murdering.  She was forced to stop working (early retirement) in 2019.  She was and possibly still is a drug addict.

With the release of my Dying Declaration it will all start up again.  Unchecked - Rosanne will begin beating Dennis and Larry to threaten her son, his partner and my sister and Tammy - the only family who can testify to what was done to Larry, Dennis and I.

Rosanne won’t be able to hide behind the obfuscation of her violence - no one ever talks - no one ever explains.  I don’t know what Rosanne did to Suzanne as a child.  I don’t know what Rosanne did to John Paul as a child.  They’ve never told me.  I’ve never pried.

It won’t be long, if unchecked, for Rosanne to scream at her own son and his partner : “You know what I did to Jeffrey - I can do that again.  I can do that to you.  I can do that to your family.”

So I’m telling you everything.  Rosanne doesn’t get to hide.  She’ll go to prison if she doesn’t kill herself first.  She might try to wear my rape, mutilation and murder as a badge of honor - but none of my siblings or cousins have my medical issues.  Oh, they can be tortured all right - but those things can’t be done to them.

The one detail that Rosanne fears the most - the one detail that will likely embarrass and push her to suicide attempts when she doesn’t or can’t get what she wants - like her sister - like her mother - is that Larry ate out of the food bank for 10 months : July 2018 to April 2019.  Rosanne didn’t learn that until April 22nd 2019 - 2 years exactly to the day of my abduction - April 22nd 2017.

I was held for 18 months.  I was starved for 10 months, losing 1/3 of my body weight, developing my 4th terminal medical issue - seizures - I was physically and sexually assaulted, mutilated and tortured.  I was beaten and murdered 5 times over.

All of that was done, for 10 months, while Rosanne screamed she wouldn’t stop until I starved Larry and told the family I was lying about bringing him food.  Larry never went without 5 meals a day.  That’s what stopped his choking.  I went to the food bank for 10 months to make sure Larry was fed and safe.

I get that initially you won’t be able to even conceive of brain damage that lets me do this.  I don’t care - I’ve been this way since before I was 10.  I’m releasing as many of my records as I can before my death.

I get that there will be a lot of questions - you’ve got until my death to ask me what you want.  Don’t bother insulting me, calling me a liar - don’t bother telling me what I should have done.  You can’t do what I do - just as I can’t do what you do.  Don’t bother with sympathy or empathy or offers of help.  I don’t want any of it.

Talk with your partners, ask what you want to ask.  Ask what they want to ask.  I will answer without revealing who asked - everyone gets to see everything.  Rosanne doesn’t get to hide any more.

There’s a folder in my Dying Declaration for Family Questions.
