This document is slightly different - no preamble - no reminders of who is who.




And so my siblings can keep track :

Karen was 40k in debt from 1980 to 1994 - Erlin paid it off.

Karen was another 44k in debt from 1994 to 2005 - Jeff’s money.

Karen cried and sobbed, borrowed and stole from Suzanne and John Paul from 2005 to present

Karen was another 30k in debt (line of credit) from 2005 to 2015 - Danielle’s inheritance from Ruby paid off some, most or all.  I’ve never asked.

In 2015 - Erlin asked me to pay off another 8k in Karen’s debt - because Wilhelmina was sticking to that stupid paper - Karen had signed away her inheritance.

In 2015 I asked Wilhelmina directly - are you refusing to help Karen ?  refusing to lend her money after stealing her inheritance ?  Are you going to let her get evicted ?

Wilhelmina’s answer was yes - it was time Karen’s failures (John Paul and I) help Karen.

In 2015 Karen was at the height of her fentanyl addiction - in terms of daily dose she was taking - she cried and sobbed and begged for me to pay off her debts so she wouldn’t get evicted.  I asked if Karen understood she owed me over 50k (52k to be exact) - I asked if Karen understood she had drove herself over 120k in debt - with just what Erlin, Danielle and I paid off.  Karen would only scream and cry and sob that she had sacrificed everything for her kids.  That she was suffering worse than anyone in the family.

She sobbed and cried and begged - could I just help her this little bit so she wouldn’t get evicted.  She’d pay me back - or help me with anything when the time came (my death).

Less that a month after paying off 8k in Karen’s unpaid utilities and bills - I heard Karen lying to Suzanne - begging for money for a bill I had already paid.

Suzanne was visiting Erlin in 2015.  She came to Karen’s.  I overheard the lies and begging.

I called Suzanne out into the driveway.

I explained the 40k Erlin paid off.  I explained the 52k I had lent Karen.  I was explaining the 30k line of credit when Suzanne interrupted me.

Suzanne and John Paul have been tortured and abused their entire lives - by Karen, Wilhelmina and Rosanne - with the same threat / abuse - telling each of them they aren’t as good as Danielle and I - that’s why they were given away - twice.

In 2015 Suzanne didn’t understand I was trying to warn her - she assumed I was saying the same thing - she isn’t good enough.

Suzanne sneered at me : “Look at you (my appearance), look at how you dress, look at how you live - you don’t have that kind of money (52k).  I don’t believe you.”

I wasn’t borrowing money from Suzanne - I was warning her that Karen is a liar and thief to the tune of 7 figures - that I know of.

So my siblings understand - my medical expenses are 10k to 25k a year.  10k is the most common - the cost of my medication.  25k are the crazy years.  It’s always that - sometimes less sometimes more.  But I’ve kept track - in 2017 - when I wrote you (My siblings) to ask Dennis for 5k - that was half my normal medication for 1 year.  In 2017 that 10k I spent on medical treatments - brought the total to 440k in my lifetime.  No mortgages, no loans - cash I’ve paid out trying to slow my death from the terminal medical issues Karen, Rosanne and Wilhelmina beat and starved into me as a child.

When I called family collect from New Mexico because I thought my back was broken and I was coming home on the greyhound - I didn’t need money.  I needed to be picked up in Halifax and taken to Gary Morash.  Turns out - my back was broken.

When I called John Paul collect from South Korea because I was going in for emergency surgery and I might be on a flight with a body part in a box - I didn’t need money - I was legally required to notify a family member.

When I wrote family from Malaysia because of a motorcycle accident - I didn’t need money.  Turns out I broke my collar bone, hip and shattered 4 ribs.

2013 was the same - when I sent an email to Gary Morash warning him I might be on a flight with a body part in a box.  I didn’t need money.  I was legally required to notify health care professionals in Canada.

I look the way I look because of terminal medical conditions that cause the accumulation of deformities and disabilities.
I dress the way I dress because of mobility and hygiene issues from those deformities and disabilities.
I live the way I live because I can’t afford food, medicine and shelter.  I’ve always had to pick 2.

In contrast - Karen has pissed away a lot more than 120k on her drug and computer game addictions.  I know Suzanne and John Paul have been sending her money when they can.  I know they’ve sent even more since I stopped in 2005.

