This document is slightly different - no preamble - no reminders of who is who.  This document is for my siblings and cousins.

My younger siblings have asked me my entire life why I re-connected with my father in 1991 - when he clearly didn’t want to or couldn’t reconnect with his children as adults.

I told my siblings the same thing every time - his (our father’s) and Karen’s bullshit - was their bullshit.  I wanted to know who my father was.

In 1991 my father’s parents gave me the money to visit him in Ontario.

I made a simple deal with him that we stuck to for as long as we continued to meet - I never ask about his marriages - he never asks about my childhood.

I got to know him as a friend - who he was as a person - outside of his marriages.  He got to know a small piece of my life.

When the terminal medical issues, when the short, ugly, violence of my life became more and more pronounced and diagnosed; I never told my father.

His second wife didn’t trust me.  She felt I was angling for something or spying for Karen.  I didn’t matter how many times I told her I don’t want to get involved in their marriage, my father’s previous marriage - estates, inheritances - nothing.

I never told them it was because they’d out live me.

My step-mother never believed me.

She started ‘being away’ for my yearly visits to my father.  I drove back and forth across the country every year.  I never told them it was so I could visit as many different doctors as I could.

After I finished university (1997) - my step-mother started taking her vacations when I was coming to visit.

My last trip to Toronto (2010), I was in Ottawa staying with my father’s brother while I did work visa paperwork at the Saudi Embassy in Ottawa.  I called and called, leaving messages for 2 weeks trying to tell my father I was coming to Toronto for paperwork.  His brother called, he answered, and gave no explanation why he wouldn’t return my calls.

I flew to Toronto to visit and stay with college friends - I never saw my father again.

I’ve visited and spoken to his brother a few times, including the summer my sister and I went to his summer home in New Brunswick and re-surfaced his deck as a birthday present.

He doesn’t know why my father stopped speaking to me.  I’ve never contacted my father again.
