The last Saturday in January 2019, Rosanne came home at 3 pm - the first time since I was abducted on April 22nd 2017.  Rosanne was never home at 3 and never home on a weekend.  She was here to get even for SLAPPING Larry in front of Tammy.

I had already given Larry his morning pills - I had been responsible for his meds since April 2017.  Rosanne was never home when they were laid out - she was never home when Larry took them - when he got up or when he went to bed.

Rosanne was home at 3pm that day - screaming at Larry to take his pills because "I can't have you acting like you did yesterday.  You can never do that again."

I, initially, misunderstood that Rosanne thought he hadn't had his morning pills.

I told her that he had, she screamed : "You don't do a fucking thing you're told - mind your fucking business."

When Rosanne began threatening Larry - "Take your pills - or no supper."

I warned Rosanne again - he's had his morning pills - his Risperidone is 2 pills in the morning, 2 pills at night, 12 hrs apart - not more than 4 a day.  When I reminded her his prescription was on the bottle - that giving him 4 pills in a 4 hr window was dangerous.  When I reminded her that Larry doesn't get up until 10 or 11 - that he's just had his pills - that Rosanne is giving him essentially 6 times the dose, I got :

"You don't do a fucking thing you're told - mind your fucking business.  I'm his wife, I'm his medical proxy, he's already signed all the papers - I can do whatever the fuck I want.  He's not going to supper until he has his pills.

Larry took his pills, Rosanne took him to Wilhelmina's on the pretext of a walk (The Walk Ritual) - and Rosanne began beating Larry and screaming at Dennis - that I was refusing to give Larry his pills.  That she had to do everything.  I had to walk into the room and stand between them to stop Larry's beating.

Rosanne continued to scream that I was refusing to give Larry his pills - that that is why yesterday happened - she can't have Larry that out of control.  On and on.

I had already spoken to Social Services (Dec 28th), I was already scheduled to go to the shelter at the end of the month - so I spoke up - telling Rosanne (and Wilhelmina, Tammy, Dennis, Karen - whoever else was present each time this happened) every time she said she was doing everything - I reminded her she hasn't been home in 15 months - handled Larry or his meds in 15 months - hasn't slept in her own bed in 15 months.

Every time Rosanne screamed that I was lying - that she was doing everything - that I was refusing to give Larry his meds ... I reminded Rosanne she didn't sleep in her house.  I reminded her I put out Larry's pills every night before I went to bed - I got up every morning to watch him take them.  I made his breakfast, I made his lunch, I helped with his supper, I did the baking and took Larry to town twice a day.

Each one of these statements cut Rosanne like a knife - because she didn't know where the food and money was coming from - and couldn't scream that in front of Dennis and Tammy.

That nigh - supper was the same ritual beating - that night Larry went for his drive at 6pm and was home by 7 pm ... and Rosanne was waiting.

Rosanne hadn't set foot in her house at 7 pm, to watch Larry take his pills and go to bed, in 15 months.  For the previous 4 months - Rosanne, being held against her will in Wilhelmina's house by Karen and Wilhelmina, had come to her own house at 10 pm each night - long after Larry went to bed - to scream her own nightly Kitchen Ritual at me.  Rosanne hadn't handled Larry's pills in 15 months.

But starting that last Saturday in Jan 2019 - until the end of March 2019 - Rosanne came to the house every weekday at 3 pm and every night at 7 pm to poison her husband.  She wouldn't miss her weekends away though.  She only tried killing her husband when it fit with her social plans.

