In mid January 2019 - Rosanne was up to 5 murders against me and 1 against Larry.



My 5 were successful.  I was dying faster and faster, having lost 1/3 of my body weight, developed seizures etc.

Larry’s murder was unsuccessful because I was sneaking to the food bank to get him food every day.



Dennis had stood up to Rosanne in December when he discovered Karen was wasting food - leaving leftovers to rot in her fridge.



In mid January 2019 - Tammy got sick - a cold or flu.  She wasn’t over for supper several days in a row.



Wilhelmina and Karen continued to torture Rosanne every day.

And one day - for no earthly reason - Larry asked Dennis for a plate of leftovers.  He never had before. Not in the nearly 2 years I had been around Larry.



Dennis and Rosanne screamed at each other.  Dennis standing up for Larry and the waste of Karen’s rotted food - Rosanne screaming that Larry didn’t need it.

They settled on a compromise.  Dennis made a plate for Larry - on the condition Jeffrey didn’t get any.  That was Rosanne’s condition.

I thanked Dennis - and told him I’d eat Larry’s lunch so Larry could have the leftovers.

The next day Larry had hot leftovers for lunch for the first time since September.  I washed the dishes.  Larry’s OCD requires I do dishes at the end of every meal.  He stands and watches me because it frustrates him that he isn’t allowed (danger of cutting himself or breaking things).  Larry insisted I take the tupperware back to Dennis and thank him for the lunch.

It was a miserable, rainy day, in January.  I didn’t have proper clothes - and wasn’t expecting manual labor - I was wearing shorts and shoes.

I pulled in Wilhelmina's driveway and saw Tammy, sick, shoveling ice from her driveway.

It was the beginning of the week - Rosanne’s car was there - she was in the kitchen screaming at Wilhelmina.  I didn’t think anything of it - Rosanne had been neglecting her job for months.

I snuck into the den, gave Dennis the tupperware, gave him the thank you and asked to borrow boots and a shovel to help Tammy.

I went over, Tammy was upset, Dennis hadn’t come help because Wilhelmina wouldn’t let him.  Tammy asked if I realized how much trouble I was in ?

We both looked at Wilhelmina’s bay window - she and Rosanne were staring at us, screaming at each other so violently they were fogging and clearing the window with every breath.

I finished shoveling with Tammy, had a coffee with her - returned the boots and shovel - thanked Dennis and went to town for Larry.

Rosanne and Wilhelmina argued, fought and screamed about how embarrassing it was to have me in public - how much they needed a break from me.

By mid week - they had both announced they were going to Bridgewater on Friday - together - and would be gone all day - they would not be home for supper so not to make anything special.

Dennis, when the women were gone, offered to cook my favorite meal - anything I wanted - as a thank you for helping Tammy.  I asked for Tammy’s favorite meal (that we shared) - which happens to be fried rabbit.

Rabbit was a sore point - I had always given Dennis most of my rabbit each winter except for a few gifts such as for my sister.  Dennis always cooked the rabbit for me.  - but this past winter - I hadn't.  I didn't tell him I was selling everything to put gas in the truck and food in Larry.  I only told Dennis - I owed people because Rosanne wouldn't let me hunt or trap her land.  Dennis was upset - but he never said anything - because I was still taking beatings for him every day - for Larry every day - and making sure Larry had hot food every day.

Rosanne was screeching and screaming and beating Dennis, Larry and I all winter because I had trapped 'those poor bunnies - he doesn't need them - I give him enough'.

Rosanne screeched and screamed the same thing about the beavers - I had trapped my limit and while Dennis had wanted a few hides for himself - I hadn't told anyone I sold all the good ones for gas and food for Larry.

Dennis overlooked all this - when I explained I wanted Tammy's first meal back - to be one of her favorites.

Everything was set - Friday morning - after Rosanne and Wilhelmina left - I went to Dennis’.  Larry didn’t want to come - Rosanne had left the dog with him.  Larry wanted to spend the day with the dog because Rosanne had been withholding the dog since April of 2018.

Dennis and I worked in the shop all morning.  He cooked me moose for lunch - it’s the only piece of moose - from my moose - that I got.  Rosanne stole the rest - screaming that Larry would be killed if I asked for it.  Wilhelmina yelling at me for weeks that Larry would be killed if I asked Dennis for the moose.  That was October.

On that Friday - Dennis sent leftovers for Larry - I took Larry to town after his hot lunch.  After lunch, Larry asked to stay with the dog and watch TV.

Dennis and I worked a bit then went in to start supper.

It was the most normal day we had had in over a year.  Dennis did drink a little more than usual - but he was having a good day with his nephew.

We cooked for the afternoon - like we had the summer we looked after Erlin.

Tammy came over just as supper was getting ready.

I went to get Larry.

