I went to get Larry.

Rosanne and Wilhelmina weren't due back for hours.  They had made plans to have supper in Bridgewater.

I was gone less than 10 minutes.

When I picked up Larry and Bella (the dog) and went back to Wilhelmina's - Rosanne's car was already there - they were already in the house.  I must have missed them by seconds.

Larry and I parked on the far side of Dennis' truck - and we could still hear the screaming.  We always could.  The windows literally shook when Rosanne and Wilhelmina went at it.  The house was quite old.

When we got inside - the screaming filled us in - they had been at each other all day over Rosanne's inability to make me do what I'm told (code for starve Larry).

They were screaming at Dennis about if he gave me food that day or not - Dennis had had enough to drink - he stayed quiet.

They were screaming about the supper - rabbit - Jeffrey's favorite - after that ungrateful POS didn't give Dennis any rabbits - he (Jeff) came and asked for more.

It didn't matter they were my rabbits from the year before.

I tried to explain it was Tammy's favorite - that we'd cooked to make up to / for Tammy as she'd been sick all week.

The screeching and screaming continued.

There was a special plate of leftovers for Larry - he couldn't eat rabbit because of the small bones.

There was nothing for Rosanne and she was screeching about it.  It didn't matter that they said they wouldn't be home.  It didn't matter that they didn't call to warn Dennis.  Just Rosanne screaming that Dennis and Jeffrey did it on purpose to make her think she's crazy.

I was standing over Larry - at the corner of the table - protecting him from Rosanne as I did every supper she attended.  Rosanne was behind me - beating on my back and shoulders - screaming about what I'd done - what I'd asked for.

Wilhelmina was screaming at Dennis - she'd hit him twice with the silverware for cutting and plating her food like Larry : "I'm not like THAT man ... don't treat me like THAT man."  Dennis had been cutting and plating Wilhelmina's food since she choked almost 2 years earlier.  It's in the 2017 folder.

Dennis had had just enough to drink - to speak back to his mother.  His comments were not PC.

I was still being beaten by Rosanne - when Wilhelmina stood up, scraped the contents of her plate into Dennis' and screamed at him about "THAT man."

When Dennis stood and tried to put her food back.

Wilhelmina snatched her plate away - Dennis used a name for his mother only heard in the shop - Wilhelmina raised her plate with both hands to break it over Dennis' head.

I took half a step, caught her by the wrists and said : "Grandma you can't ...

And a gong rang out over the kitchen.  Rosanne took my absence as an opportunity to slap Larry across the face - as she did if I wasn't at the table shielding him.  Larry didn't see it coming and must have leaned into it because Rosanne SLAPPED Larry hard enough to ring his head like a gong.

The SLAP was so loud, Rosanne sat down, embarassed, Tammy was in the room.  Just as I finished ... "hit Bub with a plate."

I looked at Rosanne and spoke the only snark in 2 years : "Are we all done ?  Can we all have supper now ?"

Rosanne and Wilhelmina went back to screaming at each other - the rest of us ate supper.  We all ignored the welts on Larry's face.

I took Larry to town, he went to bed at 7 pm as he always did.  I didn't see Rosanne until the next day.
