This document is slightly different - no preamble - no reminders of who is who.



In 1991 my paternal grandparents - Walter and Lois Ohrt - came to Nova Scotia to take me on a 2 week camping trip and to see me graduate from high school.

They did not do this for my older sister.  They did not do this for my younger brother and sister.  Just me.

We all got the same trip to Florida for graduating though.  At least I think we all did.

For years Karen, Wilhelmina and Rosanne have abused my siblings by telling them all I’m special because I’m the oldest boy - that’s why I’m Wilhelmina’s favorite.  That was to help cover up the child rape and rapists in the back yard - and my frequent beatings in Wilhelmina’s kitchen when Suzanne and John Paul lived with Rosanne the first time.

Suzanne told me this again, in 2018, I’m Wilhelmina’s favorite, nothing could be further from the truth.  They gave me to child rapists - I’m no one’s favorite.

From 2017 to 2018 Wilhelmina tortured Rosanne into beating Larry and Dennis - screaming at me it wouldn’t stop until I made Rosanne come home.  Wilhelmina screamed at me every single day that she wished I had never been born.  But to be fair - she screamed at me every single day that she wished none of her grandchildren had been born.  But to be fair - she’d done that since I was 7.

For years Karen, Wilhelmina and Rosanne have abused my siblings by telling them all I’m special because I’m the oldest boy - that’s why Walter and Lois came in 1991 to see me graduate from high school.

That isn’t true.

As young children, all 4 of us went to Ontario to spend 2 months every summer with Walter and Lois.

When we all got older - children and grandparents alike - it got split.  2 of us for 1 month - then the other 2 for the other month.

Danielle is older than me by 2 years - everyone has forgotten or ignored the fact - I’m the first child that stopped going to Ontario.  The reasons are simple and horrible - and not worth the time here.

I stopped going, the rest did not (not for a few years anyway).  Danielle moved to Ontario, Suzanne and John Paul continued to go.  Everyone told stories - even as nice as they tried to be - about how ugly, deformed, disabled I was becoming.  How much I stank and wore rotted clothes.  Put whatever spin on it you like - you - my siblings - told Walter and Lois enough for them to come to Nova Scotia in 1991 to perform a health and wellness check on their grandson.

They barely recognized me.  The deformities and disabilities were that severe, that quickly.  I did smell like rotting garbage - because I wore rotting garbage.

Walter and Lois were upset but only asked a couple of times what had happened to me.  I refused to answer.  They bought me a new wardrobe to go the Saint Anne’s that summer.

They gave me enough money to go to Ontario to see our father at the end of the summer.

I went to Ontario - I stayed with Danielle on Summerset (iirc) - we could see the parliament buildings from her balcony.

I saw our father - he bought me more clothes.  I bought myself some clothes.  Saint Anne’s - as violent as that experience was - was the first time since I was 7 that I was allowed to wash, eat and have nice clothes.  The deformities and disabilities continued to pile up - but I smelled better.

As a horrific side note - Karen, Wilhelmina and Rosanne screamed at me for months before and weeks after that visit from Walter and Lois - that if I told them anything - everything that happened to me - at Wilhelmina’s - would be done to Suzanne and John Paul.  Danielle already lived in Ontario.  That’s 3 monsters threatening to give my siblings to child rapists, to torture and mutilate them - the way I had been.

