From April 22nd 2017 to April 22nd 2019 I was held against my will in Beach Meadows Nova Scotia, in the home of a raping, murdering pedophile from my childhood, by a single threat - Larry Williams would be killed the way he almost died in 2016 if I left, told anyone or refused to care for him.

From 2017 - 2019 I was forced into the homes and chores of the other 2 raping, murdering pedophiles from my childhood.  I was forced by a single threat - Larry Williams would be killed the way he almost died in 2016 if I didn't go.

The same 3 women that beat me into brain damage before I was 10.  The same 3 women that starved, mutilated and beat me into one of the worst fatal sexual assaults / mutilations in modern Canadian times (more severe than David Reimer).  The same 3 women that threatened to give my younger brother and sister to the same child rapists I was given to if I went to teachers, doctors, lawyers, the courts or the RCMP from 1980 to 1994.

The same 3 women that did much, much more.

The threat to kill Larry is in the pre 2017/2016 folder - which is when it happened.
The choking events with Larry are in the May 2017 folder - which is when it happened.

This document is about the weaponization of those threats and events in an attempt to kill my uncle from July 2018 to April 2019.

My Grandfather was Erlin Conrad.  His wife was Wilhelmina (sp?).  His children are my mother Karen, my aunt Rosanne and my Uncle Dennis (Bub).

Larry Williams is Rosanne's husband.  He has Huntington's.

Tammy (Hatt / Kennedy) is my Uncle Dennis' girlfriend - my defacto aunt - I'd known her since I was little.

In mid May of 2018 Rosanne fled to the cottage.  She hadn't kept food in her Beach Meadows house since March.  Hadn't slept 2 nights in a row or 4 in week in her Beach Meadows home since April.  In mid May she left and didn't come back until the first of July.  She lived at the cottage, 45 min away and still came to Beach Meadows to beat Larry, Dennis and I 2 or 3 times a week - it was on her way from work to the cottage.

In July, the day after my sister flew back to Europe (pics in the folder - she flew to Europe on July 5th 2018) - Rosanne made her first appearance since mid May.

Rosanne was shrieking, Wilhelmina was shrieking, Karen was yelling, Dennis and Tammy stared at the table.

It started with Rosanne's normal ritual - beating Larry and I, screaming at Dennis that she needs me to stay just a couple more weeks.

Rosanne is a psychopath, if you upset or interrupt her rituals she is many times more violent.

Everyone upset Rosanne's ritual that day - it was smashed to bits in minutes.

When Rosanne said she needed me to stay - after months of threatening my sister and telling me I'd leave after Suzanne was gone. I spoke aloud, during a beating, for the first time.

Jeff : "Rosanne - you've held me for a year.  You've not paid me for a year.  I have places to go and bills to pay.  I have to leave."

Wilhelmina began shrieking that she had helped Rosanne hold me for months so Suzanne could visit - Wilhelmina shrieking that Rosanne had promised that Jeffrey would leave and Larry would stop coming to supper after Suzanne's visit.

Karen was yelling to be heard - that yes - Rosanne had said all those things - but who could blame her with Larry faking his symptoms all the time.  That was a major trigger for Rosanne and Karen used it to torture her sister.

Rosanne was shrieking, trying to complete her ritual of brags and threats, she was just finishing "I'll (Rosanne) take your (Larry) food away if you don't stop faking your symptomms."  Normally that's when the beating would stop, we'd all sit down and eat ... that's when Larry, who hadn't been attacked like this since early May, leaned out around me, with a mouthful of food, and mumbled the biggest "go fuck yourself" a man with Huntington's could :

"I (Larry) don't care what you (Rosanne) say.  You can't take my food.  You don't live at home.  Jeffrey brings me food."

Rosanne went nuclear, clawing and spitting at me, trying to get past me at Larry, scrambling for silverware to hit Larry with, she reached for a boning knife (8" knife you could perform surgery with) ...

I was where I was beaten every day for the last year - standing at the corner of the table blocking Larry so Rosanne couldn't get at him.   I had one hand on Larry's chair and one hand on mine - a human shield.  Dennis often did the same thing if I wasn't there.

When Rosanne reached for the knife - I stood up to push her backwards.  She could cut me in half with the knife, by accident.

She lost her balanced and fell into the bookshelf - the boom of it hitting the wall clapped out like thunder.

Everyone jumped, some people screamed.  And when Rosanne got back on her feet, she circled the table the other way - screeching and screaming "You're never to speak to me like that.  You know what you'll get.  Jeffrey won't always be here." and similar.

As Rosanne rounded the table - I moved to the other side of Larry - the knife was still on the table where I sat.

Rosanne stormed past me, out the door and disappeared.  She came to the Beach Meadows house to scream at me that night.
