This document is slightly different - no preamble - no reminders of who is who.



Wilhelmina, Rosanne and Karen are all psychopaths.  They all believe so intently that they (individually) have suffered so much more than anyone else in history - that they (individually) are justified in any level of violence to get what they want.

When 2 or all 3 go head to head - it's a spiraling meat grinder of extreme violence.  Every cycle only convinces the other 1 or 2, they must hit back harder.  Which they do via their own pathological rituals of abuse - by torturing other, more vulnerable, family members, while screaming at yet another family member what they must do to stop the torture and abuse.

In 1980, when Karen divorced and returned to Beach Meadows with 4 children under 10, that meat grinder started up again.  Only this time - there were 4 children to torture - to force Erlin to do what 3 psychopaths wanted … except they each wanted, in part, for Erlin to punish the other 2.

If you’ve read Mental.Breakdowns.at.40.or.50 - then you know that Wilhelmina had a major mental breakdown and stopped working before my siblings and I were born.

If this was before 1968, then Karen was around to help look after her mother.

If this was after 1968, then Karen wasn’t.

Either way - by the time Karen moved to Ontario - Rosanne was not only the only girl in the house and being tortured for it and with it - she was also forced to help look after her mother.

In 1980 when Karen moved home, a single mother of 4, with no education and no employment, she was lucky that her brother gave her a house and later a car.

Rosanne, however, capitalized on the situation.  Rosanne had long been angering her mother - resentful for having to look after her - by getting caught drinking and “sleeping” around.  Wilhelmina cared more about what people thought - than what damage Rosanne was doing to herself.  Wilhelmina did herself no favors - screaming at Rosanne as she always had.  Rosanne screamed back.

In 2017 when I described a screaming match between Rosanne and Wilhelmina to Holly - Rosanne’s oldest friend - Holly said only that they’ve always fought that way - since Karen left.

The introduction of Karen and her children was catastrophic.

Every confrontation and screaming match takes place in Wilhelmina’s kitchen - because Wilhelmina is a shut-in since the breakdown and because that’s the ritual these monsters grew up with.

Rosanne abandoned her responsibilities for looking after Wilhelmina - Erlin and Dennis both worked in the mill and fished for livings.

Wilhelmina withheld food, money and help from her daughter (Karen) and grandchildren - screaming at Karen to make Rosanne come home and look after her mother (Wilhelmina).

Rosanne, drunk or hungover, screamed at Wilhelmina “Make Karen do it, it’s her turn.”

Wilhelmina, screaming at Rosanne to stop the drinking and “sleeping around”, screamed at Karen to make Rosanne stop it : “The neighbors know, that’s all they talk about.”

Karen, the passive-aggressive would only sit and sob and cry and beg for food and money.

They tortured each other, round and round, only able to scream at Erlin when he got home from work.

Each screaming what Erlin had to do to punish the other 2 - Erlin being screamed at every day that his grandchildren didn’t have food or money and wouldn’t until he did X.

This escalated to Karen stealing her children’s money - Karen ballooned to 300 lbs with stress eating - only feeding Wilhelmina’s hatred and embarrassment of her daughter.

Wilhelmina screaming that “Look at you - look how big you are - look how fat you are - you don’t need any more food or money.”

The violence escalated to Karen beating her children - to try to force Erlin to act.

(This is why Rosanne began beating Larry after Erlin’s death - to force Dennis to act.)

Karen beat her children so savagely - so often - that Erlin took 2 of them away.

This isn’t my (Jeff) guess - I took Erlin’s death bed confession in 2015.  He told me over a dozen times - because he’d forget having told me every few days.

The file is in the 2015 folder.
