On December 26th 2018 - Rosanne - to get even with everything - especially everything in that last week before Christmas - tore my belongings apart.

My suitcases had sat - untouched - in the garage since April 2017.  I never brought them in the house - Rosanne used them as a prop - "Jeffrey's leaving soon - he's already packed."

The truth was - I never unpacked.

On December 26th - to get even with Dennis standing up to her, to get even with Danielle and Karen for all of Karen's lies, to get even with me for cooking Larry Erlin's lunch on Christmas eve - to get even with me for everything Rosanne was screaming was my fault - her mental breakdowns - her reputation in the community - Rosanne tore my belongings apart - looking for the thing I had been asking for.

15 months - 180 confrontations - by Christmas eve 2018 - I had asked Rosanne to let me go so I could see my son's grave before I died - I had asked Rosanne to let me go so I could see his mother before I died - I had explained to Rosanne that all the hunting and fishing was for funeral gifts for my son - that all I wanted to do was give him a proper burial with his mother.

I never told Karen or Rosanne his name, not his ethnic background.  He was Cree.

None of that mattered - Rosanne found his funeral gifts - and on Dec 26th she came to the garage - not even in the house - she came to the garage and made enough noise to make me come out and see what was happening.

She stood in her driveway - destroying my son's funeral gifts - ripping them apart, dumping them in the gravel and mud - ice, snow and salt and sand.

She destroyed my deceased son's funeral gifts - screaming at me she was doing the world a favor making sure I never had children again - screaming at me she was doing THAT woman a favor - making sure I never saw her.

Rosanne destroyed funeral gifts I had made with my bare hands - with the skills my grandfather gave me - Rosanne destroyed them and as a last hateful act - like her mother - like her sister - Rosanne snatched the motoroil off the motormount / shelf I had built - and she poured motoroil all over my son's shredded funeral possessions.
