From April 22nd 2017 to April 22nd 2019 I was held against my will in Beach Meadows Nova Scotia, in the home of a raping, murdering pedophile from my childhood, by a single threat - Larry Williams would be killed the way he almost died in 2016 if I left, told anyone or refused to care for him.

From 2017 - 2019 I was forced into the homes and chores of the other 2 raping, murdering pedophiles from my childhood.  I was forced by a single threat - Larry Williams would be killed the way he almost died in 2016 if I didn't go.

The same 3 women that beat me into brain damage before I was 10.  The same 3 women that starved, mutilated and beat me into one of the worst fatal sexual assaults / mutilations in modern Canadian times (more severe than David Reimer).  The same 3 women that threatened to give my younger brother and sister to the same child rapists I was given to if I went to teachers, doctors, lawyers, the courts or the RCMP from 1980 to 1994.

The same 3 women that did much, much more.

The threat to kill Larry is in the pre 2017/2016 folder - which is when it happened.

This document is a continuation - explaining how those events led Larry to choke, often, at the only meal a day he was use to getting.

My Grandfather was Erlin Conrad.  His wife was Wilhelmina (sp?).  His children are my mother Karen, my aunt Rosanne and my Uncle Dennis (Bub).

Larry Williams is Rosanne's husband.  He has Huntington's.

Tammy (Hatt / Kennedy) is my Uncle Dennis' girlfriend - my defacto aunt - I'd known her since I was little.

When I began looking after Larry in late April, Larry was use to only getting 1 meal a day.  He ate as much as he could, as fast as he could and he often choked.

Larry choked the first time (in front of me) on April 25th or 26th.

Rosanne refused to sit at the table - it was a power move to force me to do even more to care for Larry.  I sat beside Larry.  Rosanne sat behind me so she could be ignorant because, as she claimed, she's not at the table.

Larry started to choke, I began moving dishes back out of his way, in case he started to panic or thrash.  Rosanne waited until he stopped making noise and gave him the heimlich in his chair.  Super continued, while Wilhelmina sobbed she didn't want Larry or I in the house - she sobbed it was elder abuse for Rosanne to force them into her home.

Larry choked again a few days later, the very end of April.  Same events, I noticed and began moving dishes.  Rosanne waited until Larry stopped making noise and tried the heimlich, in the chair.  It didn't work.  Rosanne backed away and told me to pick him right up out of his chair.

I did.  The heimlich worked.  Super continued, Wilhelmina sobbed the same thing.

The third time, first days of May, Larry choked, even picking him up wouldn't work.  I set him down to reposition and by the time I picked him up again - he was blue.  Wilhelmina ran to the sun porch.  The heimlich worked but it shot Larry's false teeth into the next room.  I asked Rosanne to check him for broken ribs.  There weren't any.  Larry got his teeth and went back to supper.

The fourth time Larry started to choke, him rasped "Do the thing" when I said "Not until you stop making noise", Wilhelmina got up and ran to the sun porch again.  Larry didn't need the heimlich that day - and on many other occassions.

The fifth time was early May and not Larry - Wilhelmina started to choke, got up from the table and went to the den.  I went with.  When I told her she can't do that - no one has noticed we left - they're all still fighting, that's when Wilhelmina told me she doesn't want to die in front of Dennis.

Dennis, Tammy, Wilhelmina, Karen, Rosanne and I discussed what to do.  We all settled on 5 meals a day for Larry (it was common knowledge Rosanne was starving Larry, witholding food and threatening to withhold food) and cutting Larry and Wilhelmina's food for them.

Rosanne has claimed this as her idea in McKelvey's (Huntington's Specialist) notes as explained in the 2016 file.

Larry never choked, never needed the heimlich or similar aid again - while in my care.

When I left in August 2017, returned to Halifax in October 2017, I learned that Rosanne was back to starving Larry all day and threatening to take his food from him.  My brother visited (from Alberta) and while Larry was visiting my brother - he choked again.  Larry choked so violently that Rosanne had to bend him over the banister at my brother's rental house.
