This document is slightly different - no preamble - no reminders of who is who.



From July 2018 to April 2019 - Rosanne starved me - no food - no money - no medicine - no doctors - I lost 1/3 of my body weight, developed seizures, was beaten at the supper table - the only food I was given was once a day from Dennis.

I was beaten until I seized at the only meal I had, beaten during seizures until I shit myself.

Karen tortured Rosanne into doing it all - Karen watched it happen.

Once Dustin left (mid October) - Wilhelmina and Karen smiled and laughed and joked over the phone at the unfettered insanity of Rosanne starving and beating Jeffrey - while he cooked for Larry every day and starved himself - while Rosanne screamed that Larry didn't eat lunch and Dennis wasn't to give Jeffrey food.

Karen and Wilhelmina laughed and joked at my spiralling health, weightloss and Rosanne's mental breakdowns.  They could turn Rosanne into a wimpering, sniveling blob - with one well timed 'Larry - what did you eat today ?'

Wilhelmina had been set, by Rosanne, to make sure I never asked Dennis for food or money when Rosanne wasn't around.  Wilhelmina knew Rosanne was threatening to kill Larry - Wilhelmina threatened me with it for 10 days in Oct 2018.

Karen tortured Rosanne until Rosanne threatened Danielle (Dec 2018) - and Rosanne destroyed the last of my son's (deceased) possessions (also Dec 2018).  Karen did this - exactly the way Karen destroyed the last of my possessions in 2005 when I stopped lending her money.

For the 10 months Karen watched her dying son starve to death - 1/3 his body weight - starved until he had seizures - Karen never once brought him food or money.  She would only scream she had no money - and he couldn't have food until he called the RCMP.

For 3 of the 6 months Wilhelmina held Rosanne against her will - it was done by Karen calling and begging Wilhelmina, to ask Rosanne, to make Jeffrey bring groceries and left-overs to Karen on Larry's night drive.

All 3 women knew the game - Karen was simply winding up Wilhelmina and pointing her at Rosanne like a gun.

For those 3 months - Karen called, to lie and steal food, from her dying son, every chance she got.

Starvation and withholding meds and doctors is what Karen did in the 1980s - to mutilate and kill (3 terminal medical issues) her son the first time.

Starvation and withholding meds and doctors is what Karen did in from 2017-2019 - to mutilate and kill (a 4th terminal medical condition) her son the second time.

David Reimer only happened once, in modern Canada - Karen did it twice to her own son - once when he was a child and once when he was an adult.

Food was the weapon.
