I don't know what Karen told Rosanne that forced her to move home after 18 months - I don't know - I can guess - but I also don't care.

Rosanne was forced, by Karen, to do the very thing I had been telling her for 540 days - the only way to escape Karen and Wilhelmina is to come home, let me go and look after Larry.

Rosanne moved back into her house on April 1st 2019 - my first question - Can I leave now ?

The same old Rosanne - same old monster - same old rape and murder, mutilation and torture, starvation and beatings.  Larry will be killed if I leave.  I've already seen it.  Rosanne has already shown she can do it.

Rosanne was at her most violent - because she'd been forced to do what I had said - and Karen forced her to do it.

The up side - Rosanne stopped poisoning Larry - his meds went back to my responsibility - no extra riperidone, no cold meds.  Rosanne had nothing to do with Larry's meds for the rest of April.

She still starved us - I still went to 

She screamed day and night that Karen and I had done "this" to her.

But nothing else changed.

Rosanne kept no food in the house.  She bought her food every day - and she kept a cache of food in the car - but not the house.

She went to work every day at 8 am or earlier - I handled Larry's pills, meals and drives - no help, no money, no food from Rosanne -

Rosanne came to Wilhelmina's for the Walk ritual - but went back to coming to supper only once a week.

Rosanne was gone every weekend.

Rosanne stayed gone, every night - until 10 pm.  Larry had supper at 5 pm.  His drive at 6 pm.  He took his meds and was in bed by 7 pm every day.

At 10 pm, Rosanne showed up from wherever she was hiding.  If I wasn't in the kitchen waiting - she'd scream for me.

Every night - the same night ritual - except Rosanne was in a perpetual state of a murderous frenzy - her night ritual took 45 minutes.  She needed a break - she'd get so worked up she'd collapse from exhaustion and I'd have to wait.  If I went upstairs - she'd have to start over again.  I'd often call to her from another room (downstairs - had to do this in the kitchen - fleeing to the den or living room for her collapse) : "Are you done yet ?  Can I go to bed yet ?"

That would set her off and the ritual would continue until she ran, like a fucking lunatic, around the entire ground floor of her house, screaming at me to just fucking kill myself so her life could go back to normal.

That was my clue to go upstairs to bed.

I'd slept with the door to my room wedged shut with a splitting wedge from 18 months.  For the month of April 2019 - I slept with a rifle as well.  Her drugs, drinking and mental breakdowns were that concerning.
