3 weeks of Rosanne's insanity - trapped in a house with her - sleeping with my door wedged shut and a rifle next to me.

3 weeks of sneaking to the food bank while Rosanne lived in the house.

3 weeks of making Larry lunch every day, 3 weeks of baked goods left on the table for Larry to have every day, 3 weeks of baked goods stored on the counter.

3 weeks of Rosanne screaming that Larry didn't eat lunch.  3 weeks of Rosanne screaming that she was home, looking after Larry - and he absolutely did not eat lunch.  Only for Larry to tell Tammy and Dennis every night what he'd had for lunch and baked goods.  Rosanne didn't even bother coming to supper most nights.

She brought her snacks in every night - she made them - ate them - used whatever food bank donations I had to keep in the fridge.

She was so hateful and abusive she'd dirty as many dishes as she could - and leave them for me to do the next morning - with no food and no money.

On April 18th - Thursday - Rosanne got up and went to work - I didn't see her again until Monday April 22nd - 2 years exactly to the day.

I learned on Friday the 19th, Rosanne had taken a long weekend for a yoga retreat in the city - she'd be back Sunday night.

Yes - Rosanne put herself through 3 weeks of hell - so she didn't have to pay for homecare for her weekend get-away.  She'd held me for another month - just to have a weekend away.

Rosanne did not come home Sunday night, she did not turn up Monday morning.  I have no idea where she was.

She turned up Monday night - screaming at me to come downstairs.

She met me in the livingroom - she'd had only done that once before - 2 years ago - Monday April 24th 2017.

She met me in the livingroom - shrieking 4 simple things - rapid fire - not letting me respond to any one :

"Why the fuck are you still in my house ?"
"Why the fuck don't you have a job ?"
"Why the fuck does everyone think you're trapped ?"
"Why the fuck are you telling everyone, Larry eats lunch ?"

I simply pointed - I was sitting - she was standing, screaming - I pointed under her arms, at the empty table where I had put a plate of muffins for Larry after he went to bed (they were for his snacks tomorrow) and through the service window into the kitchen - to the counter - where the tupperware container of muffins sat.

"Rosanne - you just put Larry's snacks away.  Putting them on the plate was your idea - or so you told McKelvey.  Giving Larry 5 meals a day was your idea - or so you told McKelvey."

"You're pissed because you don't know where the food and money has been coming from.  You've been stealing Larry's pensions for a year - starving us for a year."

"Think real hard Rosanne - where does a dying man get food every week ?"

Rosanne went absolutely pale - shaking with anger because she already guessed the answer.

"Yes Rosanne - the food bank.  Larry has been eating out of the food bank since last year.  The whole time Dustin was here."

I didn't get a chance to say another word, Rosanne towered over me the way she stood over Wilhelmina - when she threatened to beat her mother.

She hissed 2 simple sentences :

"I want you out of this fucking house before my son gets here."
"I don't care if you kill yourself or not - if you ever repeat that - I will (kill you)."

Rosanne left and I didn't see her again.  I don't know where she stayed.

I drove on Tuesday for Dennis - and Karen on Wednesday - or the other way around.  Karen never spoke - not all the way to Bridgewater - not on the drive home.

I saw my friend in Bridgewater - likely for the last time ever.

I did a favor for Dennis - likely for the last time ever.

I packed in less than an hour on Thursday morning.

1 trip to town - Danielle met me at Rosanne's.  I left with Danielle - we went to her place for a few days.  She brought me to my new apartment after that.


When Danielle left me at my apartment - I told her for the first time I believe - if I ever see Karen or Rosanne again - they go to prison.  Make sure you tell them that.  Make sure you tell them together.

