From April 22nd 2017 to April 22nd 2019 I was held against my will in Beach Meadows Nova Scotia, in the home of a raping, murdering pedophile from my childhood, by a single threat - Larry Williams would be killed the way he almost died in 2016 if I left, told anyone or refused to care for him.

From 2017 - 2019 I was forced into the homes and chores of the other 2 raping, murdering pedophiles from my childhood.  I was forced by a single threat - Larry Williams would be killed the way he almost died in 2016 if I didn't go.

The same 3 women that beat me into brain damage before I was 10.  The same 3 women that starved, mutilated and beat me into one of the worst fatal sexual assaults / mutilations in modern Canadian times (more severe than David Reimer).  The same 3 women that threatened to give my younger brother and sister to the same child rapists I was given to if I went to teachers, doctors, lawyers, the courts or the RCMP from 1980 to 1994.

The same 3 women that did much, much more.

They threatened to kill Larry - this is that threat, explained.

My Grandfather was Erlin Conrad.  His wife was Wilhelmina (sp?).  His children are my mother Karen, my aunt Rosanne and my Uncle Dennis (Bub).

Larry Williams is Rosanne's husband.  He has Huntington's.

I don't know when Larry retired from the mill.  His Huntington's was showing towards the end of his time at the mill.

Several of the men from the mill spoke to me in 2017, telling me they had covered for Larry in his last few years at the mill so he could get his pension.

From the time Larry retired until he surrendered his license (at the suggestion of Dr. McKelvey - the Halifax Huntington's specialist) in October 2016 - Larry drove to town 4-5 times a day for meals, coffees and night drives before bed.  Rosanne had abandoned him - as she had abandoned her family so many times in the past.

In 2015, I looked after Erlin for 8-12 hrs a day, 7 days a week, for 4 months.  Dennis and I cooked every day for Erlin's medical needs.  I wrote a cookbook about it.

I saw Rosanne once.  Her father was dying, I didn't know Erlin had ordered a stop to his medical treatments - but Rosanne did.

Rosanne abandoned him (Erlin) the way she had abandoned her family so many times before.  The way she abandoned her mother from 2017-2019.  In 2015 Rosanne was a disembodied voice on the phone for 4 months - shrieking from the cottage (45 min away) that it was Jeffrey's turn (to look after Erlin).  Wilhelmina shrieked back, just a few feet from me for as much as 12 hrs a day, that Rosanne had abandoned her parents like she did in the 1980s.  Wilhelmina shrieked that Larry was still driving to town 4-5 times a day.  Shrieking that Larry was a danger to everyone and the RCMP would come looking for her (Rosanne) again.  And much more.

Rosanne explained (in 2017-19) that the RCMP had been sent to her home so many times that she had to get special letters explaining Larry's medical issues.  Rosanne (in 2017-19) bragged how often and how easily she could get the RCMP to go away.

In 2017, as rumors spread that Rosanne had abandoned him (Larry) again.  As rumors spread, several members of the community came to me, to confess they had reported Larry for his driving as much as for the community's concern Rosanne was neglecting him.

Rosanne came to supper one time in 4 months and it ended in a screaming / slamming dishes on the counter match with Dennis so violent I got up from the supper table and stood infront of Erlin to finish my meal so he wouldn't be hit by glass if any of the casserole dishes Rosanne was trying break - broke.

In 2015 I spoke to Larry once, when I borrowed a chainsaw to drop and buck a large willow tree in the front yard for Erlin.

I drove from town (Liverpool) to Erlin's and back every day.  I often ran errands mid day.  I frequently drove to town 2-3 times a day.  I saw Larry there often.  McDonald's chicken nuggets were a favorite.  Sitting in the Tim Horton's parking or by the bridge in town to drink coffee and chat with the locals was common.

I waved but never spoke to Larry.

In October 2016 Larry surrendered his license.  Rosanne was responsible for his meals, drives and basic care for less than a month when he ended up in the hospital, in a coma.

Rosanne starved Larry until he got sick, then she starved him and witheld medical attention until pnemonia caused a heart attack, the heart attack caused a fall and the fall caused a head injury.  There is Facebook message from Karen in the 2016 folder - telling me on November 16th 2016 that Larry is in the hospital.  The family has explained that Larry was extremely ill for at least a week before that.  The family has also explained that Tammy - not Rosanne - found Larry.

For that one month (in 2016) Rosanne was responsible for Larry ...

Larry was given breakfast while she got ready for work.  He was given nothing else until supper time because Rosanne didn't want to pay for homecare, didn't want to come home on her lunch and didn't want Larry choking to death alone.  He was left with no food - all day.  Rosanne did this so she could threaten Larry with taking his food away - as she did from 2017-2019.

At the time this was happening (Oct 2016) - Rosanne was paying Tammy to get Bella (the dog) and bring her to Wilhelmina at 10 am every day.  Rosanne paid for her dog to visit her mother - but refused to pay for her husband to get a lunch.  This was specifically so Rosanne could threaten to take Larry's food away each night at supper.  As she did, from 2017-2019.

Rosanne is a masterful liar and manipulator.  She cares about her public appearance above all else.  The second Larry was in the hospital - Rosanne drove to Bridgewater and back every day - so everyone could see - how good a wife she was.  She starved him until he almost died, then basked in the sympathy everyone gave her.

Investigators will need Dr. McKelvey's written notes from Larry's 2017 and 2018 physicals.  I was at these appointments.  McKelvey wrote, Rosanne dictated, that Larry's choking had been stopped completely because Rosanne switched Larry to 5 meals a day.  That was true while I looked after him - while I cooked and set out Larry's 5 meals a day.  It also means it was not true before I looked after him.

Investigators will need to speak to Becky Annah (Dog Trainer) and her clients from the 2017-2018 time frame.  Becky and her clients (Rosanne was one) held functions at Dennis' house (my childhood home), Rosanne's house and cottage.  Rosanne told them, on many occassions, how lucky she was that I volunteered to look after Larry and how lucky she was that I could cook all his meals.  Rosanne made specific mention of how much she liked the smell of me cooking in the morning because it reminded her of when her boys visited - Rosanne neglected to mention she moved out and didn't return until April 2019.

Investigators will need to speak to Dennis Conrad and Tammy (Hatt / Kennedy) - Tammy set the table every night for supper.  Larry helped her.  The only thing they discussed was Bella (the dog) and Jeff's cooking - because it is not in the league of my Uncle Dennis.  They liked to tease me about it.  Larry told Dennis and Tammy, every day, what he had for breakfast, lunch, after noon snack (and trip to town snack), and bed time snack (and trip to town snack - both the night before) at the supper table - 5 meals a day.

Investigators will need to speak to Dennis and Tammy - that starting in July 2018, immediately after my sister (Suzanne) flew back to Europe, that Rosanne began screaming "Jeff's a liar and a fraud - Larry has never eaten lunch - I (Rosanne) have never made him lunch".  Dennis and Tammy ignored these claims because Rosanne would never say them in front of Larry - not since he told her to go fuck her self - she can't take his food because she doesn't live at home - Jeff brings him his food.

Investigators will need to speak to Dennis and Tammy - to discover how long Rosanne was beating Larry, but only at Wilhelmina's house and only in front of Dennis.  The pre and post walk beatings were after Rosanne finished at school and before supper.  The pre, post and during supper beatings always ended in Rosanne screaming at Larry (advanced Huntington's) that she'll take his food away if he doesn't stop faking his symptoms.

I was held for 18 months, that's 540 days.  Rosanne's night ritual (300 of them in 540 days) - she is a psychopath - and must complete this ritual as often as she can.  It's even more violent if the ritual is interrupted.  Rosanne's night ritual included her screamming at me multiple times each night all the different reasons (refusing, leaving, telling anyone etc.) that she would kill Larry the way he almost died in 2016.

For 5 months, more than 70 night rituals, Rosanne screamed the basic threat to kill Larry like he almost died in 2016.
Then it escalated.
For 7 months, nearly 60 more night rituals, Rosanne screamed she would kill Larry the way he almost died in 2016 and she would frame me for it because everyone knew she didn't live in the house.

For 6 months, 130 more night rituals, Rosanne screamed she would kill Larry, frame me for it, and make sure it destroyed her son's relationship with his partner.  Rosanne threatened to spend the rest of her life, making her son, hate me for his father's death and the loss of his partner.  Rosanne threatened to "make him (her son) as alone and hated as you (Jeff) are".



