It's easy to lose track of everything that's going on - when trying to focus on a single detail.

There was no peace - no quiet - in was 24/7 - pain and violence, mutilation and beatings, rape and murder, extortion and death threats.

Every word - no matter how impulsive - no matter how idiotic or insane it seemed on the surface - every word uttered was crafted to cause as much pain and suffering as possible.

I was held for 18 months - 540 days - Rosanne's pathological need to complete her Kitchen Ritual - meant 280 confrontations in Rosanne's kitchen - only her and I and only hours after Larry went to bed.

I was lured to Nova Scotia by Rosanne's lies that Dennis would lend me my childhood home to recuperate from some life threatening injuries for a couple of months.

I was lured to Nova Scotia by Rosanne's lies that Dennis had sent the money to help buy life saving medication.

I was lured to Nova Scotia with 1 year - 12 months - of medication.  Not everything I need - just the 1, most expensive, one.

I took my first injection in April 2017 - in South Korea - where I bought my medication.  The injections are every 2-3 months depending on my health and circumstances.

My next injection was due to June 2017 - Rosanne refused - screeching, screaming and shrieking that Larry would be killed if I went to doctors - if I took my medication.  Rosanne was beating Larry and Dennis 4-5 times a day.  I was sex trafficked, kidnapped, tortured and forced into the homes of pedophiles - while Rosanne threatened to kill Larry if I didn't do what I was told.

I did not take that injection.

I had injections in August - just before going to Mexico, an injection in Mexico, 2 in Halifax over the winter.

I had 3 injections left - I took one at the end of February 2018 - just before leaving Halifax.  I took the other in May 2018 - just before Gary Morash retired.  Rosanne moved to the cottage in mid-May and did not return until July.  I took advantage and snuck to Gary Morash's nurse.

That last injection, the reason I had 1 after the year was up (April 2017 - April 2018), was the one from June 2017 that Rosanne forbid me to have - or she'd kill Larry.

In July 2018 - when Rosanne returned to Beach Meadows - the day after Suzanne flew back to Europe - after everything that happened - Larry telling Rosanne off - Rosanne trying to pull a knife - Rosanne falling into a bookshelf and then Karen, Wilhelmina and Rosanne convincing Dennis I had thrown her into a wall - after all that ...

Rosanne came to her house for her nightly Kitchen Ritual - she'd been unable or unwilling to do it in almost 2 months.  Add in the day she had just had and Rosanne was in a nuclear level murderous rage before she even entered the house.

Rosanne screeched and screamed and shrieked at me the way she always did during her Kitchen Ritual.  This is the first time she forbade me from bringing Larry food - the first time she ordered me to starve him until he was hungry enough to listen to her.  This was the first time I said no - the first time I told her she was raping the man caring for her husband - starving the man she was raping to force him to starve her husband.

Rosanne's reaction - to begin screaming that she knows I'm out of medication, she knows it will kill me (literally) to not take my medication.  Rosanne screaming at me that I'm not to have it, no to go to doctors - that I'm not to tell Dennis I'm out of medication.  Rosanne screaming at me that if I ask him (Dennis) or anyone for money or help to get medication - Larry will be killed.  Rosanne screaming at me that I'm to die or Larry starve - I have to choose.

10 months of Rosanne shrieking - among many things - that if I was really dying, if I was really out of medication, if I really needed life saving medication - I would do what I was fucking told and starve Larry so I could have my medication.

10 months of me reminding Rosanne - withholding my medication and medical treatments is premeditated murder - 1 of the 5 she is carrying out against the dying man she is raping to try to force him to starve her husband.