It's easy to lose track of everything that's going on - when trying to focus on a single detail.

There was no peace - no quiet - in was 24/7 - pain and violence, mutilation and beatings, rape and murder, extortion and death threats.

Every word - no matter how impulsive - no matter how idiotic or insane it seemed on the surface - every word uttered was crafted to cause as much pain and suffering as possible.

I was held for 18 months - 540 days - Rosanne's pathological need to complete her Kitchen Ritual - meant 280 confrontations in Rosanne's kitchen - only her and I and only hours after Larry went to bed.

Rosanne withheld all medications, medical treatments, hospitals and therapies in 2017 - nearly killing me.  She only let me leave for the Mexico job because I was close to dying in her house.  That's murder #3.

Rosanne withheld all medications, medical treatments, hospitals and therapies - screaming at me that if I tell Dennis I'm sick, if I tell Dennis I need doctors or medication, if I tell Dennis anything - if I ask him for help or money or anything - Larry will die.  That's murder #4.

All of these murders cause permanent, irreversible, nerve and brain damage.  These are the reasons I accumulate deformities and disabilities.  Karen and Rosanne have known this since Karen blackmailed her was into my private medical appointments with Grantmyre in Halifax (1992).  This is why Karen and Rosanne prevented me from testifying in court in 1992/93.

The combination of 2 years (2017 and 2018) of multiple murder attempts, compounded by Rosanne repeatedly withholding my life-saving medication, compounded by Rosanne withholding all food, money and support beginning July 2018 - Rosanne screaming at me every day - I starve or Larry dies - all that - lead to the permanent, irreversible nerve, organ and brain damage in the form of seizures.  My first seizure was Aug 21, 2018 - I was in Larry's truck, on a side street by the high school - waiting for 3 pm so I could sneak into the food bank and get Larry food.

You can watch any season of Alone - and see one or more contestants pulled for medical reasons - it's almost always starvation.  Starvation - once the BMI (Body Mass Index) drops past a certain point - irreversible organ, nerve and brain damage is the justification for pulling the contestant.

That is what Rosanne did.  It didn't take the 2 months (July and August) - it didn't take the 2 years - it was a decade of this kind of mutilation, torture and murder.  The injuries are permanent and irreversible.  Decades might have passed, but the injuries pick right up where they left off.

Rosanne spent 2017 and 2018 trying multiple ways to kill me.  Withholding my medication and all food for 2 months was simply the tipping point.

I as starved for 10 months (July 2018 - April 2019).

I lost 1/3 of my body weight; including 75% of my muscle mass and 15% of my bone mass.  I began dislocating and breaking bones in my sleep.

The seizures began on Aug 21st 2018.  When Rosanne learned of them - that in a severe seizure I shit myself - that became her Kitchen Ritual goal - to beat me in front of Dennis until I had a seizure - to beat me during seizures until I shit myself ... all so she could screech and scream and shriek at me each night :

Rosanne : "If you're going to shit yourself like Larry - you're going to be treated like Larry."

Rosanne : "If you're going to shit yourself like Larry - you can wear his diapers."

Rosanne : "I don't care if you stroke out and end up in a chair like Cathy."

Rosanne : "I don't care if you stroke out and end up in a bed like Izzy."

Dennis and Tammy never learned of my seizures - but they did begin to suspect something in the fall / winter of 2018 - after Dustin left.

Dennis began asking : "Are you all right ?"

Jeff : "No - I'm getting sick - and I didn't eat today."

Dennis, Larry and I were beaten extra - every time I told Dennis I was getting sick and didn't have food.

Dennis never suspected the true level of violence - because Larry came to supper every day and told Dennis and Tammy what he had had (I cooked) for his lunch, snacks and bedtime snacks.

Dennis never imagined that I would starve while feeding Larry.  It's part of what made Rosanne (figuratively) insane - how can she even begin to explain it.
