It's easy to lose track of everything that's going on - when trying to focus on a single detail.

There was no peace - no quiet - in was 24/7 - pain and violence, mutilation and beatings, rape and murder, extortion and death threats.

Every word - no matter how impulsive - no matter how idiotic or insane it seemed on the surface - every word uttered was crafted to cause as much pain and suffering as possible.

I was held for 18 months - 540 days - Rosanne's pathological need to complete her Kitchen Ritual - meant 280 confrontations in Rosanne's kitchen - only her and I and only hours after Larry went to bed.

For 7 months - April 2017 - Aug 2017, Feb 2018 - June 2018 - Rosanne threatened to kill Larry the way he nearly died in 2016.  Rosanne beat Larry, Dennis and I almost every day - Larry and Dennis got it as often as 5 times a day.  My rape, murders and mutilations are explained elsewhere.

In July 2018 Rosanne began trying to kill Larry.

Rosanne was up to 4 murders against me - rape and mutilations on top of that - starvation and beatings.

Rosanne bragged about it all, every night, during her Kitchen Ritual - screeching, screaming and shrieking about the half century of rape, murder and child abuse she had gotten away with.

Rosanne bragged about it all, every night, during her Kitchen Ritual - screeching, screaming and shrieking about the 4 murders, rape, mutilations, starvation and beatings she was getting away with now.

Rosanne screeching, screaming and shrieking that none of it would stop until I starved Larry, until he was hungry enough, to listen to Rosanne.

Rosanne screamed every night - if I didn't do what I was fucking told - Larry would be starved until he wandered the house looking for food.

Rosanne screamed every night - Larry would fall down the stairs and die.  He would find something he wasn't allowed to have and choke to death.

Rosanne screamed every night - I would find Larry dead, on the floor, like Tammy did in 2016.

Rosanne screamed every night - she didn't care if Larry died because he already signed the papers - she (Rosanne) gets his pension after he dies.  He (Larry) set it up that way.

Rosanne screamed every night - everyone in the community knew I looked after Larry - that she (Rosanne) looked after Wilhelmina.  Everyone would blame me if Larry died in the house.

Rosanne screamed every night - she'd make sure her sons knew that I had killed their father.

Rosanne tried for 10 months to kill Larry this way - I stopped it with one simple thing - I went to the food bank and got Larry food every 2-3 weeks for almost a year.  Larry ate 5 times a day like he always had.