It's easy to lose track of everything that's going on - when trying to focus on a single detail.

There was no peace - no quiet - in was 24/7 - pain and violence, mutilation and beatings, rape and murder, extortion and death threats.

Every word - no matter how impulsive - no matter how idiotic or insane it seemed on the surface - every word uttered was crafted to cause as much pain and suffering as possible.

I was held for 18 months - 540 days - Rosanne's pathological need to complete her Kitchen Ritual - meant 280 confrontations in Rosanne's kitchen - only her and I and only hours after Larry went to bed.

Rosanne was being tortured, to indescribable lengths, by Karen and Wilhelmina.

By January 2019 Rosanne was up to 5 ongoing murders, rape, mutilation, starvation and beatings of me.  1 ongoing murder attempt of Larry - and daily death threats.

Rosanne watched me die, starve to death, seize and shit myself for 6 months - in mid January 2019 Larry asked for leftovers for the first time ever.  Rosanne went nuclear - Dennis stood up to her because of what Dennis had found in Karen's apartment just the month before.

It all spiraled into the death threat turned murder attempt that Rosanne had been making for 2 years.

Rosanne began poisoning Larry with his risperidone at the end of January.

Larry was visibly sick with Rosanne screaming at Wilhelmina's, in front of Dennis and Tammy, that he was faking, that she was handling his pills because Jeffrey was refusing to, that she was doing everything because Jeffrey refused to, that Larry wasn't going to a doctor because he was faking being sick the way he faked his Huntington's to make her look crazy.  That was the first week of February.

Every supper, for the first week of February, was me telling Dennis and Tammy, in the same quiet, non-swearing, tone I used with Rosanne every night ... that no - Rosanne was poisoning Larry with his medication - that no - I was still the one putting Larry to bed, getting him up, getting him his prescribed meds, getting him his 5 meals a day, driving him to town twice a day.

Larry was sick - and Rosanne screamed at me every night - this is how it started in 2016 - this is how Larry nearly died - this is why Tammy found him on the floor one day - this is how Larry would die - and she would make sure everyone, including her sons, blamed me.  That was the first week of February.

The 2nd week of February - Larry was deathly ill and Rosanne screamed, in front of Dennis and Tammy, all week - that Larry was faking, that Jeffrey wasn't to dare take him to the hospital or a doctor to make her look crazy - while simultaneously screaming "It's your (Jeffrey) turn to watch him die." at the supper table every night.

The 2nd week of February - Rosanne screamed at me every night - this is how it started in 2016 etc.

Larry got even sicker the third week of February.

On Feb 19th I used taking Karen to Bridgewater as an excuse to get to Bridgewater.  I spent 2 hours at the Bridgewater courthouse swearing out a statement to the Justice of the Peace I was assigned to.

They kept the statement, and helped me fill out a restraining order and Emergency Protection Order, so I could take Larry to the hospital.  The paperwork was to take guardianship of Larry and ban Rosanne from the house and hospital - if I needed to, to get Larry to a doctor.

Obviously - no one knew I did that.

On Feb 22nd Larry was so close to death I took him to the hospital - and couldn't get through the waiting line.  The ER also wasn't helpful - telling me to go home and call an ambulance.

I did - Rosanne walked through the door as I was dialing.  She slammed the phone down.  She took Larry to the hospital to 'fix the fucking mess you made - I'll deal with you when I get home'.

Larry was deathly ill.  He got better within a few days, thanks to some antibiotics.  Rosanne continued to poison him with risperidone and now extra-strength night time cold medication - for the rest of February and the entire month of March.

I was beaten until my shoulder dislocated, in Rosanne's kitchen, on February 23rd for taking Larry to the doctor.

I was beaten until my shoulder dislocated, in Wilhelmina's driveway, on March 19th for taking 3 potatoes for Larry's lunch.

Rosanne poisoned and sedated Larry until the end of March - when the housekeepers caught her assaulting Larry.
