From April 22nd 2017 to April 22nd 2019 I was held against my will in Beach Meadows Nova Scotia, in the home of a raping, murdering pedophile from my childhood, by a single threat - Larry Williams would be killed the way he almost died in 2016 if I left, told anyone or refused to care for him.

From 2017 - 2019 I was forced into the homes and chores of the other 2 raping, murdering pedophiles from my childhood.  I was forced by a single threat - Larry Williams would be killed the way he almost died in 2016 if I didn't go.

The same 3 women that beat me into brain damage before I was 10.  The same 3 women that starved, mutilated and beat me into one of the worst fatal sexual assaults / mutilations in modern Canadian times (more severe than David Reimer).  The same 3 women that threatened to give my younger brother and sister to the same child rapists I was given to if I went to teachers, doctors, lawyers, the courts or the RCMP from 1980 to 1994.

The same 3 women that did much, much more.

My Grandfather was Erlin Conrad.  His wife was Wilhelmina (sp?).  His children are my mother Karen, my aunt Rosanne and my Uncle Dennis (Bub).

Larry Williams is Rosanne's husband.  He has Huntington's.

From 2017-2019 I was held in Rosanne's Beach Meadows home, forced into Karen's and Wilhelmina's homes by a single threat - Larry Williams would be killed if I didn't go and do what they wanted.  This threat was driven home each day as Larry was beaten (only at Wilhelmina's and only in front of Dennis) as often as 5 times a day by Rosanne.  Similarly Dennis was beaten each and every time I was not there to take Larry's place (and his beating).  Dennis was beaten by Rosanne as often as 5 times a day.  This went on much longer, before and after, my captivity.

Wilhelmina and Karen tortured Rosanne into making these threats and carrying out these beatings.

That is all 3 of their pathologies - their ritual (1) - they all believe so intently that they have suffered more than anyone else in history, that they are justified in any level of violence to get what they want.

That is their pathology - their ritual (2) - they all believe they are innocent of the physical violence because they torture another into doing what they want.  They all safeguard their public images as saints above all else.

Wilhelmina and Karen, torturing Rosanne into any action - especially the rape and murder of Karen's child (me), again (me both times), especially the beatings of Dennis, Larry and I in front of other people - these were all the ultimate displays of power and the breaking of Rosanne.

Rosanne broke her own ritual every time she had to physically act and since the very brain damage these 3 women beat into me - means I can't be threatened directly - Rosanne was forced to act every day, multiple times a day.  She (figuratively) went insane trying to break me the way they broke her.  This above all else is responsible for Rosanne's violent mental breakdowns during this 2 year period.

Wilhelmina (and Karen through Wilhelmina) regularly screamed at Rosanne that she was a failure and an embarrassment because she couldn't make Jeffrey do one simple thing.

All 3 women are responsible for my rape, mutilation and murder between 2017 and 2019.  The same rape, mutilation and murder they carried out against me between 1980 and 1991.  Except back then - it was Wilhelmina and Rosanne torturing and breaking Karen so she (Karen) beat her own children until Erlin took 2 away.

The Kitchen Ritual - so named - because each woman has a pathological need to stand in their respective kitchens, stomp their feet and beat on their tables while they screamed at whomever they wanted to scream at.  The ritual could not be done in any other room - or any other house.  The ritual requires the women first brag of everything they've done in a similar vein, chronologically, until arriving in the present to utter the threats and what they want done.




Wilhelmina's Kitchen Ritual (simplified)
---------------------------------------------------

I was forced into Wilhelmina's home every day of the 18 months - 540 days - 540 times - forced by the threat Larry would be killed if I didn't go.  Forced to eat with the woman that gave me to child rapists so she could threaten to give my siblings to them.

Wilhelmina's dementia was severe enough she couldn't remember major details and major facts - or at least she claimed she couldn't.  This included refusing to believe she had starved and tortured her children and grandchildren in the 1980s the way Rosanne was starving and / or torturing Larry, Dennis and I.  Erlin Conrad's death bed confession and dying wish (2015) - was that I keep it that way - that Wilhelmina not learn what she had done.

Wilhelmina did appear to have little to no memory of those years.  She knew she hated me, she wished my siblings, cousins and I had never been born - every day of the 540 days - just as she had every day of my childhood.  She screamed it at me.  But her memories and her kitchen ritual started with Erlin's death and Rosanne's promise to help look after Wilhelmina until her death.  So she (Wilhelmina) could die in the same house her husband had.  Wilhelmina, never, not once, referenced any event before Erlin's death in her ritual - except for wishing her grandchildren had never been born.

Wilhelmina sat in her chair - 90+ years old - leaking blood and iron from unknown issues - she had to have blood and iron transfusions in alternating weeks.  In the end - she had bed sores - like the ones she tortured her husband, Erlin, with in 2015.

Wilhelmina sat in her chair and stomped her feet and beat on the arm of her chair and screamed at me that she, Wilhelmina, was responsible for torturing Rosanne until Rosanne beat Larry and Dennis.  Not Karen - Karen was a failure and an embarrassment.  All that junk she put in herself (prescription drug addiction / fentanyl addiction) meant Karen couldn't look after herself.  She (Wilhelmina) was doing it (the torture and beatings) because she'd earned the right to.

In reality - Karen was the most dangerous and passive aggressively manipulated Wilhelmina to torture Rosanne, Dennis, Larry and her own son.  Rosanne was told this for 540 days.

Wilhelmina : Until the days my eyes close, this is my house and my rules.  I don't know how I raised such hateful, lazy children but this (torturing Rosanne to beat Larry and Dennis) is how I get things done.  So this is how I'll do it.  I won't stop until you (Jeff) make Rosanne come home and look after her mother like she promised.

Wilhelmina, blatantly, unrepentantly, tortured and beat the son (Dennis) that had looked after her for 50 years.



Karen's Kitchen Ritual (simplified)
---------------------------------------------------------------------

I was forced into Karen's home more than 60 times in the 18 months (540 days) I was held against my will.  More than 60 times Karen carried out her ritual - standing in her kitchen, stomping her feet and beating on her table and screaming at her dying son.

Jeff : I want to leave before I die.  I want to see my son's grave before I die.  I want to see his mother before I die.  Rosanne is beating Larry and Dennis, raping and murdering your son and all you're doing is torturing her to do it more violently.

Karen : You're getting what you deserve.  I've been treated worse than you my entire life, from before you were born.  Rosanne is finally getting what she deserves.  You don't know what she did when you were little.  You don't know what she did to get Suzanne and John Paul (the first time).  You don't know what she has done.  You don't know what she is capable of.

Jeff : Rosanne kidnapped your son now - not 40 years ago.  She's raping and murdering your son now - not 40 years ago.  She's beating her own husband now.  She's beating your brother now.
Karen : You're getting what you deserve.  I've earned the right to do this.  I don't care if you kill yourself.  I don't care if she kills you.  I won't stop until I get every penny I'm due, every pound of flesh I'm owed.  You don't know what she's done.
Karen : If you want it to stop - call the RCMP - tell them what she's doing.

Jeff : Everyone goes to jail if I do that.  You - Rosanne - Wilhelmina - everyone.  Lay off Rosanne - tell her to let me go - so I can leave while I still have enough life to not bother with all of you or your bullshit.

Karen : You're not leaving until you do what your told - call the RCMP - I don't care if she kills you.  I haven't done anything.  Rosanne's done everything.  Call the RCMP.

I was held in Rosanne's Beach Meadows home for 18 months (540 days) between April 22nd 2017 and April 22nd 2019.  Rosanne did not live there.  She lived at her cottage (45 min away) for 12 months, she was held against her will in Wilhelmina's home for 5 months, she moved back to her home April 1st 2019 after her housekeepers caught her beating Larry (March 22nd 2019).  She held me until April 22nd 2019 - so she could go to a yoga retreat from the 18th to the 21st.



Rosanne's Kitchen Ritual (simplified)
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Rosanne has a kitchen ritual identical to Wilhelmina's and Karen's.  Rosanne carried out her kitchen ritual, more than 280 times in the 540 days of my captivity.  Only in her Beach Meadows home, only in her kitchen.  No other room.

Jeff : I want to leave before I die.  I want to see my son's grave before I die.  I want to see his mother before I die.
Jeff : You're raping, mutilating and murdering the same child you raped, mutilated and murdered 40 years ago.  You've known since 1992 I would die this way just from the first time and you're doing it again.  You're going to jail if I die here.  You're going to jail if anyone finds out what you're doing.  Karen and Wilhelmina are doing this to you.  You're only way out is to let me go, come home and look after Larry.

Rosanne : You're getting what you deserve.  I've been treated worse than this my entire life, since before you were born.  You know what I did to get Suzanne and John Paul (in the very early 1980s).  You know what I did to them when you wouldn't do what you were told. etc.

Rosanne's ritual requires she brag about 40 years of rape, mutilation, murder and child abuse before she gets to the present and starts making threats.  As my captivity lengthened, this ritual went from 20 min to 45 min and in April 2019 over an hr because Rosanne had to stop for a break each night.

During this ritual, Rosanne's refrain - her chorus - when she needed a moment to catch her breath and gather and organize her thoughts - was to scream :

Rosanne : You're not leaving until you're dead or you do what you're told.  You don't deserve to see your son's grave.  I'm doing the world a favor, making sure you never have children again.   You don't deserve to see that woman (my son's mother).  I'm doing that woman a favor, making sure you never see her again.  If you want to leave - do what you're told.  You know what happens to Larry if you don't.  You know what happens to Dennis if you don't (this has always meant that Dennis would be beaten for the rest of his life).

or

Rosanne : I don't care if you die.  I don't care if you kill yourself.  I don't care if I kill you.  You're not leaving until you're dead or you do what you're told.  You're not leaving until ...

From April 2017 - May 2018 - You're not leaving until you tell everyone you volunteered to look after Larry.  You're not leaving until I blah blah blah.

Rosanne raped, mutilated and murdered her dying nephew (me), beat her husband with Huntington's 4 times a day and beat her brother 4 times a day - to try to force me to tell 1 lie.  And my brain damage wouldn't let me do it.  My brain damage is why I don't care about myself - why I can stand in the middle of rape, mutilation and 5 murders telling my rapist she's going to jail when I die - but I also couldn't lie - Dennis and Larry were beaten because I couldn't tell 1 lie.

Rosanne moved the date of my release ahead a few weeks every time a deadline loomed.  Whether Rosanne was present or not (word got back to her no matter what) every time someone said (or words to the effect) "Erlin would be so proud of the way you're helping Rosanne and Larry.  It's so good of you to volunteer like this."  My answer was to laugh and say "That's not what's happening".  My brain damage doesn't allow me to lie in these situations any more than it allows me to do violence.  I just stand and take it.  I don't lie.

Rosanne very quickly stopped going in public with me - as everyone looked to her when I made these comments.

From April 2017 - May 2018 - You know what happens to Larry - meant Larry would be killed the way he almost died in 2016.  There's a file about it in the 2016 folder.

From July 2018 - Sept 2018 - You're not leaving until you starve Larry and tell everyone you've been lying about bringing him food.  Until you tell everyone Larry doesn't eat lunch.  (Rosanne had cut off all food and money - she did not know I was going to the foodbank for Larry - for 10 months total).

From July 2018 - Sept 2018 - You know what happens to Larry - meant Larry would be killed the way he almost died in 2016 - and I'd be framed for it.  Rosanne screamed that at me nightly.  Rosanne screamed every time "Everyone knows I don't live here.  Everyone knows you (Jeff) look after Larry.  I'll make sure everyone blames you.  I'll make sure Dustin and Cody (Rosanne and Larry's sons) will hate you forever for killing their father.

During this time frame, Rosanne started having mental breakdowns.  Her inability to force me to do things, even while starving, raping, mutilating and murdering me, drove her to such frustrations she would end her kitchen ritual by storming out of her house screaming "Just fucking kill yourself so I can tell everyone Larry drove you to it."

From Oct 2018 - March 2019 - You're not leaving until you starve Larry and tell everyone you've been lying about bringing him food.  Until you tell everyone Larry doesn't eat lunch.  (Rosanne had cut off all food and money - she did not know I was going to the foodbank for Larry - for 10 months total).

This is the timeframe in which Wilhelmina and Karen blackmailed and tortured Rosanne into moving back into Wilhelmina's house - where she was tortured every second of every day.  Rosanne's rituals, everything, was smashed to smithereens by Karen and Wilhelmina.

Rosanne's mental breakdowns were more than once a week.  She would have a day, sometimes 2, each week when she could only wimper and cry at Wilhelmina's house "You (Wilhelmina, Dennis and Tammy) don't know what he (Jeff) is doing.  You don't know what he's saying".  The rest of the week, Rosanne ran screaming from her own kitchen ritual, screaming "Just fucking kill yourself so my life can go back to normal."

March 22nd - April 1st - Rosanne was caught / witnessed by her housekeepers beating Larry.  Karen and Wilhelmina spent a week, going to Izzy and other community members stirring the torture pot.  Rosanne was forced to do what I had been asking her to do for 18 months - come home and look after Larry.  Rosanne only came home.  I was held another 22 days - Rosanne had major mental breakdowns every day.

Rosanne's pathological need to complete her ritual, her kitchen ritual, forced her to do it every day while she lived in the house with me.  All the rape, mutilation and murder was still going on for me.  Rosanne was still trying to starve Larry, I was still secretly going to the foodbank for him.  The more violent murder attempt(s) were stopped on April 1st.

17 days - April 1st to 17th - Rosanne left the morning of the Thursday 18th and did not return until late Monday 22nd.  For 17 days Rosanne went to work each morning, she skipped supper at Wilhelmina's and did not return until 9 or 10 pm at night.  Larry was long asleep.  He took his pills and went to bed at 7 pm as he had for 18 months.

If I wasn't in the kitchen, Rosanne would scream for me.  Regardless of the pain and mental breakdowns she knew would come, she had to complete that ritual every night.  Every night she stood screaming her ritual at me, while I anwered the same way.  Her frustrations were beyond anything before because she was still keeping all food and money to herself - and yet there was food on the table and counter for Larry every day.  It never occurred to Rosanne that I was going to the foodbank.  Rosanne tore the kitchen apart every day - looking for the ingredients and never found them - yet baked goods and lunches for Larry appeared every day.  Rosanne's own ritual meant she couldn't ask me where it was or where it was coming from.  She could only screech and scream that I would be held until I died if I did not stop.

Rosanne's frustrations and mental breakdowns were so extreme that she would run from her own kitchen, crying, and collapse on the living room or den sofa half way through.  Screaming at me that I would be held until I died unless I stopped baking - when surrounded by my baking - was more than Rosanne could take.

If I left and went upstairs - Rosanne would scream for me to come back and she'd have to start over.  I'd have to wait, give her time to calm down a little and then call to her "Are you done ? Can I go to bed ?"

Rosanne would come screeching, screaming and shrieking back into the kitchen to finish her ritual.  It would end with her running around the bottom floor of her house, screaming at me "Just fucking kill yourself so my life can go back to normal."

I would go upstairs, jam my bedroom door with a splitting wedge and get my rifle out in case she tried to get in my room or Larry's during the night.

I would fall asleep each night, having eaten only once that day, to the sound of Rosanne going to her car to get her food - which she would cook and eat after I went to bed.  She wouldn't keep food in the house - because I would take it for Larry.

She left her dirty dishes for me to wash each morning.


