On Friday Feb 22nd 2019 Larry was the sickest I'd ever seen him.  He couldn't stand, couldn't bend past 45 degrees.  He couldn't swallow.  At supper, fried salmon, Larry couldn't chew or swallow.

Any attempt made his false teeth fall out.

Wilhelmina was sobbing and crying that he was choking to death - he wasn't - it was his teeth falling out.

Rosanne wasn't at supper - she'd left early for her weekly, weekend, away.

Tammy also wasn't at supper - she was at / in the Hospital.

I told Dennis was taking Larry for a drive - to get him chicken nuggets at McDonalds - Larry's favorite - to see if it helped.

I asked Dennis : "Do you want me to stop at the hospital and check on Tammy ?"

His answer was yes - but it wouldn't have mattered - Larry was going to the hosiptal.

I walked into the Liverpool ER at 5:30 - it was packed - atleast 3 dozen people.  The Liverpool ER is very very often like this - with wait times as much as 12 hrs - so people come in groups.  3 dozen people meant probably a dozen ahead of Larry.

I asked the entire waiting room if anyone knew Tammy Hatt / Kennedy - this was both to see if she was in the ER - and to make sure every knew that I brought Larry there at 5:30.

Several people said yes - that she was in the ER.

I talked my way past security and the triage nurse, walked into the ER and spoke to the dozen doctors, nurses and staff all in seperate conversations at the nurses station.  Again - to make my presence, the time and the reason known.

I asked if anyone knew Larry Williams, that he was a 60 year advanced Huntington's patient in a life threatening medical crisis - culminating from weeks of medical issues.

No one knew Larry - I didn't know anyone.

I asked everyone - if someone would rush him in to save the ambulance charge - he's unable to stand, eat or swallow - he's in the parking lot.

The answer was no, not only no, but I can't call an ambulance to the parking lot either.  Larry either has to come in and be triaged - or he has to go home and call an ambulance.

I also learned Tammy had already left.

I took Larry home to call an ambulance.
