Feb 22nd 2019 : Rosanne grabbed Larry and screamed at me - "I'll deal with you when I get back."

Rosanne spent 7+ hrs at the ER - and told a very different set of lies.  Then to drive home that Rosanne can lie to anyone about anything and I'll never be believed ...

Rosanne wrote Danielle telling her that Larry had had a close call - but luckily Rosanne recognized it from 2016 and took him to the hospital right away.

The Facebook Message is in the repo.

Investigators should find that JP - to see I gave a very different accounting on the 19th.

I found out on Feb 23rd - at about 2 am - that Larry was dehydrated, exhausted, had a massive UTI and a severe cold - the combination had thrown his Huntington's out of whack (Feb 11th - not Feb 21st are Rosanne claimed).

Larry was given 5 days of cold meds and a week of anti-biotics.

During the nightly Kitchen Ritual - Rosanne beat me until she dislocated my right shoulder.  I broke my collar bone and shattered 4 ribs in Malaysia in 2012.  In 2019 - I had lost 1/3 of my body weight, was having seizures - had lost 75% of my muscle mass and 15% of my bone mass.

Rosanne dislocated my shoulder in 3 overhand blows - because I raised my right arm to protect my face.  I had, to that point, never lifted a finger to hurt or stop Rosanne.  I only told her what she was doing - this night was the same.

"Rosanne - you just beat a dying man until you dislocated his shoulder - because he took your husband to the hospital - when he was deathly sick."

Rosanne ran screaming from her own house - "You got what you deserved.  You were told never to take him to the hospital.  You were told what would happen.  Why won't you do what you're fucking told ? Why won't you just fucking kill yourself so my life can go back to normal."

I was never allowed to go to a doctor.  I was never given medicine, medical treatments or assistance for my shoulder.  I had to wait for a hot shower and put it back in joint myself.

From December 2018 to April 2019 - Myself, Patsy Johnson (One of Rosanne's housekeepers) and her husband (Common Law or other) - stacked wood for Izzy Weagle (another of Rosanne's housekeepers - Izzy was recuperating from major back surgery).  We stacked wood once a month - moving a month's worth of wood from the storage shed to the pergola to make life easier for Izzy and her homecare.

I was involved because I knew how to drive Izzy's 4-wheeler - it was finicky.

Izzy "paid" me by making me a lunch once a month - when I worked - and Izzy "paid" me by sending extra food for Larry every week with the housekeepers.

Investigators need to speak to Patsy Johnson.  She didn't know why my shoulder was dislocated - but she'll remember the 1st of March 2019 - when it took us 2 days to stack a month's worth of wood - because I only had 1 arm - my left (non-dominant) arm - to operate a fussy 4-wheeler.
