Rosanne continued to devolve - she was up to 5 murders against me and 2 against Larry.

Rape and murder, mutilations and torture, starvation and beatings ... and now poisoning Larry with his own meds.

Rosanne continued to come to the house at 3pm and 7pm 5 days a week - only long enough to poison her husband.

I continued to set out his prescribed medication each day - telling Rosanne each day she was poisoning her husband.

As she screeched at me every day - "Why the fuck are you watching if you won't do it ?"

My answer the same - "You're poisoning Larry - if he needs an ambulance - I need to tell them what you gave him, how much and how often."

It's easy to forget - there are 7 murders going on - mutilations, tortures, beatings - endless screaming, screeching and shrieking.

Karen and Wilhelmina can see Rosanne coming apart - and they are hammering on her harder and harder every day.  They don't care Larry is dying - Rosanne doesn't care Larry is dying - Dennis and Tammy catch Rosanne in so many lies, so often, they just put their heads down and let me take the brunt of it.

For the 1st week of February - Rosanne screamed and beat me at the table - screaming I wasn't giving Larry his meds - and my anwser, out loud, in front of Tammy, was that Rosanne was lying, she was poisoning Larry - my evidence - I put out Larry's prescribed meds - when Rosanne wasn't home - Rosanne was putting out extra meds to cover up hitting Larry January.

Also Larry was getting sicker - he was sleeping from 7 pm to 11 am, taking his meds with his breakfast, and sleeping from 11 am to 3 pm when Rosanne poisoned him and he had his lunch - but not until after she left, Larry watched TV until supper, told Dennis and Tammy what I had made for him that day - if no one else asked - Wilhelmina made sure to - every day.  Larry told Dennis and Tammy what his lunch was, what baked goods he had had, if he went to town or not.

Larry went for his night drive, Rosanne came up to poison him at 7pm and then he went to bed.

Rosanne screamed back to back - completely contradictory statements :

"I'm the wife, I'm the medical proxy - I decide what Larry gets."
"Larry gets his prescribed meds - Jeffrey is refusing to do it - that's why I have to go at 3 and 7."
"I'm doing everything, Jeffrey's doing nothing."

Rosanne still doesn't live at home, sleep at home, Larry still tells Tammy and Dennis what he has to eat every day.

Every time, at the table, in front of Tammy, I describe Larry getting sicker and sleeping 20+ hrs a day because he's being poisoned - Rosanne screams that he's faking being sick the way he fakes his Huntington's.

Larry's appearance and health slip over that week.  Karen and Wilhelmina discuss it often to infuriate Rosanne.  "Jeff looks almost as sick as Larry now." or "Larry looks almost as sick as Jeff now."

For a week - every time I ask to take Larry to a doctor or a hospital - Rosanne screams, back to back - "he's faking" and "it's your turn to watch him die."

This death - for Larry - the starvation, tampering with his meds, withholding doctors and hospitals - this is how Larry nearly died in 2016 - this is the death threat that Rosanne had made for 16 months - this was the murder she planned, threatened and was now carrying out.

