From April 22nd 2017 to April 22nd 2019 I was held against my will in Beach Meadows Nova Scotia, in the home of a raping, murdering pedophile from my childhood, by a single threat - Larry Williams would be killed the way he almost died in 2016 if I left, told anyone or refused to care for him.

From 2017 - 2019 I was forced into the homes and chores of the other 2 raping, murdering pedophiles from my childhood.  I was forced by a single threat - Larry Williams would be killed the way he almost died in 2016 if I didn't go.

The same 3 women that beat me into brain damage before I was 10.  The same 3 women that starved, mutilated and beat me into one of the worst fatal sexual assaults / mutilations in modern Canadian times (more severe than David Reimer).  The same 3 women that threatened to give my younger brother and sister to the same child rapists I was given to if I went to teachers, doctors, lawyers, the courts or the RCMP from 1980 to 1994.

The same 3 women that did much, much more.

My Grandfather was Erlin Conrad.  His wife was Wilhelmina (sp?).  His children are my mother Karen, my aunt Rosanne and my Uncle Dennis (Bub).

Larry Williams is Rosanne's husband.  He has Huntington's.

Tammy is Dennis' girlfriend and my defacto aunt.  Becky is the dog trainer that works with Bella (Rosanne's therapy dog) from 2017-2019.

From 2017-2019 I was held in Rosanne's Beach Meadows home, forced into Karen's and Wilhelmina's homes by a single threat - Larry Williams would be killed if I didn't go and do what they wanted.  This threat was driven home each day as Larry was beaten (only at Wilhelmina's and only in front of Dennis) as often as 5 times a day by Rosanne.  Similarly Dennis was beaten each and every time I was not there to take Larry's place (and his beating).  Dennis was beaten by Rosanne as often as 5 times a day.  This went on much longer, before and after, my captivity.

Wilhelmina and Karen tortured Rosanne into making these threats and carrying out these beatings.

That is all 3 of their pathologies - their ritual (1) - they all believe so intently that they have suffered more than anyone else in history, that they are justified in any level of violence to get what they want.  They all screamed that rational at me every day.

That is their pathology - their ritual (2) - they all believe they are innocent of the physical violence because they torture another into doing what they want.  They all safeguard their public images as saints above all else.  They all screamed that rational at me every day - while bragging about 40 years of rape, mutilation, murder and child abuse.

Wilhelmina and Karen, torturing Rosanne into any action - especially the rape and murder of Karen's child (me), again (me both times), especially the beatings of Dennis, Larry and I in front of other people - these were all the ultimate displays of power and the breaking of Rosanne.

Rosanne broke her own ritual every time she had to physically act and since the very brain damage these 3 women beat into me - means I can't be threatened directly - Rosanne was forced to act every day, multiple times a day.  She (figuratively) went insane trying to break me the way they broke her.  This above all else is responsible for Rosanne's violence during this 2 year period.

Wilhelmina (and Karen through Wilhelmina) regularly screamed at Rosanne that she was a failure and an embarrassment because she couldn't make Jeffrey do one simple thing.

All 3 women are responsible for my rape, mutilation and murder between 2017 and 2019.  The same rape, mutilation and murder they carried out against me between 1980 and 1991.  Except back then - it was Wilhelmina and Rosanne torturing and breaking Karen so she (Karen) beat her own children until Erlin took 2 away.

The Walk Ritual - so named - because it occurred between 3 pm and 4 pm every day under the pretext of Rosanne taking Larry for a walk on the beach.  Rosanne brought Larry to Wilhelmina's house to beat him and scream at Dennis - what Dennis had to do to stop the beatings of Larry.  This happened both before and after the walk - if the walk happened.  Some days the first beating took too long for the walk.

The only reprieve from the Walk Ritual beatings of Larry - were the days Rosanne had a guest come on the walk.  Sometimes it was Tammy, sometimes it was Becky.  Guests on the walk were the only times Larry and Dennis were safe.

Wilhelmina (and Karen through Wilhelmina) tortured Rosanne daily.  Rosanne is a psychopath - like Karen and Wilhelmina - and she (Rosanne) cares more about her public image than anything else.  Wilhelmina and Karen tortured Rosanne daily with stories of the rumors and questions the community were asking about Jeff, Larry and where was Rosanne.  Wilhelmina was completely house bound.  She only knew of these rumors because Karen told her about them.  Karen wound up Wilhelmina, loaded her like a gun and pointed her at Rosanne every single day.

During the pre and post walk beatings - Wilhelmina and Karen (if present) were yelling and screaming at Rosanne the same three things, over and over.  Those three things are Rosanne's most violent triggers.

Rosanne was screaming at Dennis - this entire ritual only plays out in Wilhelmina's kitchen and in front of Dennis.  If Dennis isn't there - the ritual doesn't happen.

Rosanne was beating Larry - screaming at him that he was faking his symptoms, acting like an animal, acting like a baby.  Rosanne screaming at everyone that she needs Jeffrey to stay a couple more weeks, until X happens a few weeks in the future.  Rosanne screaming that Larry will get it worse once Jeffrey is gone.  Rosanne only needs Jeffrey a couple more weeks.

Rosanne was beating Larry - screaming at Dennis that she needs Jeffrey to stay a couple more weeks.  Screaming at Dennis that he (Dennis) is not to lend him (Jeffrey) the old house (Dennis' house - my childhood home).  Rosanne screaming at Dennis that he (Dennis) is not to lend Jeffrey money, not to give him (Jeffrey) help or food.  Rosanne screaming at Dennis as she beats Larry - that Dennis will get it worse when Jeffrey leaves.  Rosanne only needs him (Jeffrey) for a couple more weeks.

Rosanne was beating Larry - screaming at Dennis that Jeffrey has no where to go, no family of his own, no children of his own.  Screaming he (Jeffrey) has no reason to say no.

Karen and Rosanne are the only family members (at that time) that knew I was told, at 19, I would struggle to see 40.
Karen and Rosanne are the only family members (at that time) that knew I've never married because I would face an early death as ugly as Parkinson's, Huntington's or Alzheimer's.


