This document is slightly different - no preamble - no reminders of who is who.  This document is for my siblings and cousins.

If you read 1991 Walter and Lois - then you know I was so deformed / disabled - that just your descriptions of me to our father’s parents, brought them to Nova Scotia to do a wellness check.

If you read 1991 Walter and Lois - then you know my summer at Saint Anne’s was violent - but I got to wash, eat and have nice and clean clothes for the first time in my life.

1992 did not improve.

I spent the 91/92 year at Saint Anne’s in the french immersion program.  Unlike the summer program - no one knew me.  None of my high school teachers were here.  No one to protect me at all.  I was beaten savagely on a regular basis - for my deformities and disabilities.

It would have broken the average person - but with my brain damage and after 11 years of rape and murder, child rapists and mutilations - non-sexual daily beatings were a walk in the park.

But it did not go un-noticed.

At the end of the school year (April 1992) - a group of my teachers held a special meeting - I was told my records to the NSAC would be released - if and only if I went to a doctor - because to quote my teachers :

“There’s something seriously wrong with you.”

I’d had a year of beatings with no sexual abuse to reflect on what I thought was wrong.

In April of 1992 - I went to the only doctor I knew - Gary Morash.  I went as an adult.  I asked him not to tell my family.  I briefly explained my year at Saint Anne’s without going into my childhood.  I explained what I thought was wrong with me.

In hindsight, it was childishly naive, but accurate.  Just off by a few orders of magnitude of violence and pain and loneliness.

Gary laughed at me.  Told me it was impossible.  He ran the tests that would be appropriate if it were true.  Blood work and such.

I failed them all.

He ran more - I failed them worse.

He took his best guess - brain damage - specifically one, likely several, tumors on my brain.  Gary described an operation - going in through my mouth, drilling a hole or 2 in the base of my skull and going in with a dental pick to scrape the tumors off my brain.  A couple years of physio and therapy and I’d have a much happier life.

To cover his bases - Gary sent me to Grantmyre in Halifax.

For months (April 1992 to July 1992) Karen, Wilhelmina and Rosanne screamed at me, threatened Suzanne and John Paul with everything that had been done to me, because I went to a doctor without Karen.  The threats and screaming got worse when I said I was going to Halifax alone.

I didn’t know Karen was facing our father in court soon.  It was probably why they were so upset at Walter and Lois the year before.

3 months, 3 psychopaths, 3 serial child abusers, 3 child rapists, 3 child mutilators and we would soon find out - 3 child murderers - all screaming they would do all that to Suzanne and John Paul if I went to Grantmyre alone.

Karen came with.  It went poorly.  I was only alone with Grantmyre for a few minutes.  Karen lied about everything - politicians lies.

Grantmyre had a different diagnosis - his one question “How did these conditions go unnoticed for so long ?”

Karen’s perfect paltering politicians lie : “Jeffrey never said anything to anyone.”

Karen left out the 11 years of being threatened with my siblings being given to child rapists if I said anything to anyone.

Grantmyre got a huge part wrong - because my rapist was in the room and I couldn’t speak freely.  I got the wrong diagnosis.  The wrong medication.

And I didn’t know.  To top it off - I was told the medication, physio, therapy - that everything that was going to follow would be painful, for years - but it would make my life easier in the long run.  But it would also make my life shorter.

What those 3 monsters did to me shortened my life - what it would take to undo shortened my life.  And because it was all wrong - undoing the undoing compounded my reduced lifespan.

Oh - it was painful alright - and it made my life worse - the same as David Reimer - worse for the simplest and worse reasons.

It was years before I got definitive diagnosis’s of brain damage due to beatings before age 10.  Of 2 terminal medical issues due to beatings and starvation before age 10.  Of a 3rd terminal medical issue due to beatings, starvation, physical and sexual mutilations before age 18.


But I want the simplicity of this understood - Karen was in the room when a doctor told her she had beaten and mutilated her son into a short, ugly, painful life of loneliness;  in 1992.

In late 1992 or 1993 - whenever Karen took Suzanne and John Paul to court - and our father testified that I was sick, that I wore garbage, that I needed clothes - he was telling the truth.

In late 1992 or 1993 - whenever Karen took Suzanne and John Paul to court - and Karen testified that our father was lying - the Jeffrey tells stories - that there’s nothing wrong with his health and well being … she was lying to save herself.  She already knew she had starved and beaten her son to death.
