From April 22nd 2017 to April 22nd 2019 I was held against my will in Beach Meadows Nova Scotia, in the home of a raping, murdering pedophile from my childhood, by a single threat - Larry Williams would be killed the way he almost died in 2016 if I left, told anyone or refused to care for him.

From 2017 - 2019 I was forced into the homes and chores of the other 2 raping, murdering pedophiles from my childhood.  I was forced by a single threat - Larry Williams would be killed the way he almost died in 2016 if I didn't go.

The same 3 women that beat me into brain damage before I was 10.  The same 3 women that starved, mutilated and beat me into one of the worst fatal sexual assaults / mutilations in modern Canadian times (more severe than David Reimer).  The same 3 women that threatened to give my younger brother and sister to the same child rapists I was given to if I went to teachers, doctors, lawyers, the courts or the RCMP from 1980 to 1994.

The same 3 women that did much, much more.

The threat to kill Larry is in the pre 2017/2016 folder - which is when it happened.
The choking events with Larry are in the May 2017 folder - which is when it happened.

This document is about the weaponization of those threats and events in an attempt to kill my uncle from July 2018 to April 2019.

My Grandfather was Erlin Conrad.  His wife was Wilhelmina (sp?).  His children are my mother Karen, my aunt Rosanne and my Uncle Dennis (Bub).

Larry Williams is Rosanne's husband.  He has Huntington's.

Tammy (Hatt / Kennedy) is my Uncle Dennis' girlfriend - my defacto aunt - I'd known her since I was little.

If you've read the file on Rosanne trying to pull a knife on Larry on July 6th (or so), then you are ready for the next step.

Rosanne had left in mid May - she left no money.  She only came to Wilhelmina's house a couple times a week in May and June - hissing at me that I was leaving as soon as Suzanne left in July.  Rosanne hissing at me for 6 weeks - she didn't have time to go to the bank - I had to pay for Larry's groceries and gas and keep track - she'd pay me when I left after Suzanne.
