This document is slightly different - no preamble - no reminders of who is who.



You're going to ask if Rosanne threatened you or your family : Rosanne threatened everyone except Cody.




I wrote my siblings for a month (March and April 2017) - asking for our childhood home, asking for money for medication.  I wrote for a month - telling everyone (in the emails - including Rosanne - I wrote her directly) - don’t talk to Karen or Rosanne.  Don’t explain anything.  Don’t tell them anything.  Go straight to Dennis.  Only talk to him.  If the house isn’t available or the money isn’t available - just tell me.  I’ll contact Uncle Paul.  Over and over.  We all believed Dennis gave me the house.  We all believed Dennis sent me the money.

He did not.  He was never told.  He was never asked about the house.  He was never asked about the money.

Rosanne lied about it all.

When word spread that I was living in Rosanne’s house - Suzanne called me directly to ask me exactly “What the fuck are you doing - they all hate each other.”

My answer was simple and the truth “I didn’t get a choice.”

From April 2017 to July 2018 - Rosanne screamed and beat Larry and Dennis as often as 5 times a day.  Rosanne screamed many things - they are all in her ‘Ritual’ files.  Among them - Rosanne would scream :

Rosanne : I only need Jeffrey for a few more weeks.  Once he’s gone, you get it worse (Larry and Dennis).  I only need him until blah blah blah.  Then he’s leaving and you get it worse.

In May and June of 2018 Rosanne lived at the cottage - she only came to Wilhelmina’s once or twice a day for the “Walk Ritual” and once a week for supper and her “Supper Ritual” - her pretext for beating Dennis and Larry 4 or 5 times a day - myself once a day.

6 Weeks - 30 week days (she never came on weekends) - 3 (2 - 4) beatings a day x 2 people (Larry, Dennis and / or I) = 180 beatings - Rosanne screaming hundreds of times - I only need Jeffrey a few more weeks.  I only need him until Suzanne comes.  As soon as Suzanne goes home, Jeffrey is leaving and Dennis and Larry will get it worse.

That was just at Wilhelmina’s - in front of other family - mainly Dennis.

During this time frame - Rosanne was refusing to leave money at the house - she was refusing to come to the house for her “Kitchen Ritual” - her inability to complete that ritual was making her (figuratively) crazier and more violent.  Rosanne was hissing at me in private, at Wilhelmina’s - I (Jeff) have to pay for Larry’s food and gas for May and June - she’ll pay me back when I leave, after Suzanne’s visit.

Rosanne hissing at me multiple times on those same 30 week days :

You know what I did to get Suzanne the first time (early 1980s).
You know what I did to punish Suzanne when you told stories (I reported Wilhelmina and Rosanne to the teachers of District 7 for child abuse, the month after Suzanne and John Paul were taken - it’s why I was beaten into brain damage - it’s why I was given to child rapists.)

You know what I did to get Suzanne the second time (1985+ - Suzanne was forced to raised Cody and Dusty).
You know what I did to punish Suzanne then.

It can all happen again.  If you say one fucking word to Suzanne - it can all happen to her again.

—

I (Jeff) have no idea what happened to Suzanne.

I tried talking to her when I was a teenager.  I had stopped my child rapists by cutting a man to the bone in the backyard at Wilhelmina’s house.  I tried to tell Suzanne that.  I tried to give her the same knife.  I had kept it as a reminder that I can say no - and back it up.

Karen, Wilhelmina and Rosanne all threatened to give my younger siblings to the same child rapists from 1980 - 1994.  Erlin and I have always feared the same was done to them.

I know Suzanne was tortured into raising Cody and Dusty.  The only thing teenage Suzanne would say - was to scream at me everything was my fault - she was being tortured and it was my fault - she wished I would die so she could come home.  Erlin’s death bed confession explained the how and why of it to me in 2015.  I never told Suzanne because it’s simpler and worse than you think.

The thing I know about Suzanne - that I don’t think she understands - Rosanne groomed her to be her surrogate daughter.  And I say groomed in the pedophile sense - because Rosanne helped give me to child rapists in the early 1980s - she carried out one of the worst fatal sexual assaults in Canadian history - against me - twice.  Those rapes occurred between 1985 to 1991 and 2017 to 2019.

Rosanne groomed a dog trainer named Becky the same way from 2016 - 2019 if not longer.

I don’t know how many other ‘daughters’ Rosanne has groomed.

I don’t know what was done to my sister.
