This document is slightly different - no preamble - no reminders of who is who.



You're going to ask if Rosanne threatened you or your family : Rosanne threatened everyone except Cody.





Rosanne threatened John Paul, his wife and children - for weeks before their visit and months after it in 2017.  She threatened them, she threatened to kill Larry - if I told John Paul about me and everything that was being done to me, if I told John Paul that Dennis and Larry were being beaten.  If I asked John Paul for help - or money - my brother and his family would be tortured the way Rosanne tortured John Paul in 1993/94 when he lived with her.

Rosanne : You know what I did to John Paul.  You know what happened the year he lived with me.  That can happen again.  That can happen in front of Katherine and the kids.

In 2017 I only spoke to John Paul once.  He, Alex and I went for a walk on the beach in front of the old house (our childhood home).

John Paul and Katherine had talked it over and decided they didn’t want to part of “my drama” as they put it.

Not the best way to speak to a rape victim - but they didn’t know that part at the time.

I originally told everyone  (March / April 2017 emails) that it is best if everyone stay away from me.  Don’t get involved in my life.  Don’t try to explain anything I’ve said or done.  My professional life - hunting predators - it destroys everything it touches.

John Paul said he discussed it with Katherine - that they would take me at my word - they wanted nothing to do with me.

I’ve never spoken to them since.

In October 2017, John Paul, Katherine, Alex and Claire were all renting a house in Hunts Point.  They had everyone over - including Rosanne and Larry.

John Paul waited until it was just him, Rosanne and I in the room to ask :

John Paul : Jeffrey - how’s living with Rosanne ?

Jeffrey : You (John Paul) lived with her for a year - it’s about the same I imagine.

I have asked since 1994 what Rosanne did to John Paul - all his visits to college, the decade I lived out west, any time I came to visit from overseas.  I even asked in November 2016 - a year earlier.  John Paul’s answer has always been the same - he’s answered every question I’ve ever asked - except that one.  His only response “I’m never talking about that.  You wouldn’t believe me if I did.”

That was the answer I was not so subtly telling John Paul - I can’t tell you what’s happening at Rosanne’s - you wouldn’t believe me if I did.

Rosanne (sputtering) : We all made mistakes back then.

The glare John Paul shot Rosanne told me he didn’t feel that way.
