This document is slightly different - no preamble - no reminders of who is who.


You're going to ask if Rosanne threatened you or your family : Rosanne threatened everyone except Cody.




Rosanne beat Dennis and Larry as often as 4 times a day.  From May to June 2018 - she was screaming she needed Jeffrey to stay until Suzanne came to visit.

From July to September - she was beating Larry - Dustin’s father - a man with advanced Huntington’s - screaming she needed Jeffrey to stay until Dustin came to visit in September.  Then Jeffrey could leave - Dennis and Larry would get it worse when Jeffrey was gone - but she only needed Jeffrey until Dustin showed up.

Rosanne never repaid the food and gas money for May and June - Rosanne never even pretended she was going to after July - screaming at me every day that I owed her - that I had to pay for Larry’s food and gas for the rest of the summer because I owed her.

Rosanne screamed day and night - ritual after ritual - she needed me to stay until Dustin got here.

Rosanne’s night ritual - in her own kitchen, stomping her feet, beating on her table - screaming that she’d destroy Dustin and Sarah if I said anything to Dustin.  Screaming she’d drive Sarah away - making Dustin as alone and hated as I was - making Dustin hate me for Sarah leaving.

Rosanne screaming nightly - she’d kill Larry if I said anything, did anything, asked for food or money or help.  She’d kill Larry the way he almost died in 2016 - she’d kill him that way and frame me for it - because everyone knew she lived at the cottage and had for a year.

Rosanne screaming nightly - that Dustin would hate me forever - for killing his father.

After August 24th - when Rosanne found out about my seizures … she’d scream completely contradictory things in the same breath - emotional battery.

She’d scream she didn’t care if I died, didn’t care if I killed myself, didn’t care if she killed me.  She’d scream if I was going to seize and shit myself like Larry - I’d be treated like Larry.  She’d scream if I was going to seize and stroke out - I could spend the rest of my life in a chair like Cathy.

In the same breath - she’d scream I had to stay until the moose trip in October.  I had to pay for Larry’s food and gas for all of Sept and Oct 2018 - and she’d repay me when I left in October.

Then she was back to threatening to destroy Dustin and Sarah if I said anything to them - if I asked them for help.

Back and forth - rape and murder - death threats and extortion.

In Sept 2018, I only spoke to Dustin once.  We were at the cottage - I was carrying out Erlin’s dying wish - but Dustin didn’t know that.  He thanked me for what I was doing for his father.  I was asking him about how he was punished as a child.

Rosanne interrupted, bragging : I’ve ruled my husband and raised my boys with threats alone.  No one is stupid enough to cross me.

Dustin rolled his eyes and nodded it was true.

I told Rosanne - that’s not what we were talking about.

Rosanne stormed off.

In Sept 2018, I only spoke to Sarah once.  We were at the first planked salmon supper at Wilhelmina’s.  Sarah had been home - living at the cottage with Dustin and Rosanne - while I lived with Larry in Beach Meadows.

Sarah had listened to everything everyone had to say - and after a week or 10 days - asked me simply :

Sarah : Why doesn’t your family know what you do every day ?
Sarah : Why don’t they appreciate what they see you do every day ?

I gave Sarah the non-answer this family (and most politicians) are famous for - a form of lying called paltering - where my actual statements are factually true but intended to deceive.  In this case - to protect Sarah and Dustin.

I told Sarah everyone was on their version of their best behavior to impress her.  Everyone wanted Dustin and her to have a smooth and uneventful visit.  I told Sarah that Dustin didn’t need to worry about his father.  I kept him well fed.  5 meals a day stopped his choking.  2 trips to town a day kept him in the community and talking to people.

I didn’t mention rape, murder, torture, starvation, beatings or anything like that.

I neglected to mention Rosanne was stealing Larry’s pension to renovate the cottage while Larry ate food bank donations and had since July - or that Rosanne had stolen all the food at the end of August and that’s what Sarah was eating at the cottage.

