This document is slightly different - no preamble - no reminders of who is who.


In the fall of 1993 I learned that Karen lied in court and abused my younger siblings.

I had already been through years of child rape, years of fatal sexual mutilations, a victim of gang rape and I had started hunting physical and sexual predators for my employers.

My life was going to be short, ugly and violent.  I was getting a handle on my brain damage and how to live with it.

The realization that I’m not afraid of some things - that terrify most people - was already shaping my future employment.

When I learned my siblings had been abused, by bringing them to court, lying to them and letting them listen to Karen’s lies in court, I decided to confront Karen, Wilhelmina and Rosanne.

I drove to Beach Meadows, I stood in Wilhelmina’s kitchen, where I had been beaten into the very brain damage that allows me to stand there, fearless, and asked what lies had been told in court.

I specifically asked Karen - “You were in my medical appointment with Grantmyre last year - you certainly didn’t tell the courts about that.  What lies did you tell ?”

Karen, Wilhelmina and Rosanne instantly began screaming at me.  Dennis left - he went out in the shop.  Erlin sat at the table and listened - until he started to think I was going to bring up the child rapists.  Then he moved to Wilhelmina and tried to calm her down as she was winding up the fastest - a decade she had tried to break her grandson - and now he stood in front of her - calling her a liar.

The screeching and screaming and shrieking - each woman trying to yell over the other.  Each woman growing ever more frenzied because my brain damage was on full display - matching their insanity - with calm, bordering on boredom - ignoring every insult and threat as if it hadn’t just been shrieked at me - as I called them by name, not family title, as I spoke quietly forcing them to listen to my words, as I used no profanity to highlight their own.

In one of those awkward pauses - where everyone stops to draw breath at the same time - Wilhelmina’s last sentence rang out :

Wilhelmina : “You’re the same G.D. piece of shit your father is.  He stood in court and called Karen a liar and a thief.  He accused her of stealing you kids’ college funds.  Do you think Karen is a liar and thief ?  Did she steal your college funds ?”

Jeff : “Of course she is.  Of course she did.  I still remember you (Wilhelmina) starving and torturing your own daughter, screaming at her to steal her children’s money.”
Jeff : “I still remember what you threatened to do to Suzanne and John Paul if I told the tellers anything.  Do you remember what you said ?  Would you like me to say that out loud ?”

Wilhelmina on her feet, screaming at me long before this point.  Erlin was already holding her back as she clawed and took swings to slap me.

When the topic of child rape was raised, Erlin looked at me stunned, Wilhelmina broke free and snatched a cooking implement off the counter - left from supper dishes.  She took a swing at me with that.  Erlin hustled her into the sun porch.

Karen and Rosanne glared death daggers at me.

A couple minutes later Wilhelmina came out hissing and screaming :

You’re to get out of this house.
Never come back.  Never come to Beach Meadows.
Never call for help.  Never ask family for anything - you aren’t family any more.

Suzanne might be gone - but John Paul still lives with Karen.  Everything that happened to you can happen to him.

I interrupted - looking straight at Karen : “You were in my appointment with Grantmyre - you know, in detail, what was done to me - what she (Wilhelmina) just threatened to do to John Paul.  You’re going to allow that ? You’re going to allow someone to threaten your only son with what was done to me ?”

Karen only said one thing : “You got what you deserved.”

Wilhelmina picked up her threats :

If you go to anyone (I had said I could go to the RCMP, the courts and the lawyers - to correct the testimony on my medical issues, health and well being), what happened to you will happen to John Paul.

Never come her again.  Never call.  Never ask.
You are not a member of this family.

